They are distributing leaflets among college students.
I entered into the world of statistics because of my job.
Demonstrators distribute leaflets to passers-by.
This book will be distributed free to local schools.
He asked me if I knew how to play tennis.
Kelly said she would pick up the sandwich.
I could have gone directly to college but I decided to travel for a year.
She could not have been on that flight because I just saw her at work.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
I would have called, but there was no phone service.
I would have loaned you the money, but I didn't have any.
If I had known they were vegetarians, I would have made a salad.
I would have made a salad if I had known they were vegetarians.
I was so worried about you. You should have called!
I'm sorry that I'm late for work. I should have worked up earlier.
How is the day going?
I went to the conference on lymphoma.
I went out with my friends last night.
I have graduated from college.
I have seen the movie three times.
I have studied English for a long time.
I have never been to France.
Have you ever won the lottery?
The mice want to trick the cat into leaving his food.
They plan a scheme to steal the food.
I am very regretful for my mistakes.
That result is very regretful for me.
They planned a scheme to trick me into signing the contract.
She apologized and sounded genuinely regretful.
He was tricked into buying the car.
Dad chased the man into the garden.
He doesn't remember why.
Isn't it pretty to think so?
"Room and Read" provides girls with scholarships that cover the cost of housing, food and books.
We can provide you with a few explanations.
More women find work and provide for their family.
The company provides health insurance for all of its employees.
We provide assistance to all of our listeners.
It is clear that the evidence is inconsistent.
It is unlikely that the results will be conclusive.
It is likely that the information was incomplete.
It is difficult to define these ideas.
It is hard to understand these effects.
It is necessary to carry out further research.
We bring this lesson to a close with the belief that you will succeed.
The fact that the theory of evolution has been so contention in public debates deserve some explanation.
This essay is written in the belief that modern historian needs to radically change the way they think.
He talked to Tom as if he was a child.
He acted as though he had never met her.
They felt as though they were told the wrong information.
She checked in at the hotel yesterday.
We need to check in for our flight.
I'll check in on Martha, I heard she's sick.
I went for my annual checkup.
I need a dental checkup. My tooth is hurting.
Sometimes my mom checks up on me.
The teacher check up on the student's progress.
She signed him up for the class.
He signed in online.
"Can you please sign me in?" - "Sure! I already signed you in."
"I can't find my buss pass." - "That's OK, I'll let you ride anyway."
Anyway, can you send me those numbers so I can finish the report?
Our problems are man-made; therefore, they can be solved by man.
Adverbs can appear at different places in a sentence, in other words, they are movable.
Car prices can vary a lot. For example, in Belgium the VW Golf costs $1000 less than in Britain.
We need to rethink the way we consume energy. Take, for instance, our approach to transport.
Buckle your seatbelt.
The bridge buckled in the earthquake.
The fire alarm went off.
The fire alarm is off.
Amy overlooks the building project.
Sam overlooked his math homework.
I only have a $20 bill.
Can I get the bill please?
I disapproved of his study habit and I told him so.
I will help you with your homework.
I will get the phone!
I am going to study grammar more often.
That is fine with me.
"I'm tired of school." - "Yeah! Me, too. And I'm sick of homework."
"Vegetables are great for your health." - "I agree. I'm ready for squash season."
I'm happy with our house in the country.
I'm fine with living in the city.
I wish Tom could come to the office tomorrow.
I wish Tom would tell me the truth.
I wish that I had studied harder at school.
I wish that Sam had come with me on the trip.
I wish you hadn't told me how the film ends.
I wish I knew a second language.
I wish it wasn't so cold.
I guess today's topic is verbs.
I guess I did well on the test.
I believe the game is today.
I think the bank is open today.
I guess he got some good news.
Both Jack and Jill were having coffee when I asked them.
Not only my sister but also my parents are going to want to know how I did.
The court sentenced the thief to a year in a correctional facility.
Sam is a senior citizen.
I sell pre-owned cars.
My neighbor is big-boned.
Yesterday, the company laid off Jack!
I can't believe he was let go.
He had to put his dog to sleep just last week.
His old friend just passed away.
Researchers have discovered important relationships between different type of animals.
There are mice in the house.
Two minutes was used for questionings.
I made the presentation in front of doctors who are specialized in pulmonary cancer.
She decides to conduct a campaign to decrease the metabolic syndrome rate.
She wants to take two measures.
We came out of a very fashion-conscious scene.
The opera was magnificent.
The thunderstorm was awesome in its power.
That goal was really awesome.
Because the weather was hot, we went to the pool.
Because of the hot weather, we went to the pool.
Due to the hot weather, we went to the pool.
I was fired up and excited when I listened to his motivational speech.
Teenagers are getting increasingly health-conscious these days.
They started to run a campaign to protect the natural environment.
While traveling abroad, take preventive measures to avoid illness.
Tom peeked at Suzy's test.
Don't peek at the present or you'll ruin the surprise.
We climbed to the peak of the mountain.
The actor's popularity peaked more than a decade ago.
"English @ the Movies" piques my interest in seeing the films.
Nothing piques me more than when my phone battery dies.
Has anyone seen my keys?
Everyone likes singing.
Does anyone like singing?
I was like, "I'm so hungry".
Everybody was like, "Just stop with your healthy food".
He was all, "No burgers aren't healthy".
My coworker was all, "No I can't eat junk food for lunch".
When we are preparing our episode, the first thing we do is come up with a subject.
The last thing he said was that Marry arrived in Rome.
It's a good thing you brought that umbrella.
She took charge of the project.
No worries, take your time.
Is it time for us to record Everyday Grammar?
Do we have time to re-shoot this lesson?
There is no way to re-shoot this lesson.
It is not your place to offer criticism.
I'm looking forward to this episode.
I came up with this topic.
Don't you try to get away with saying you were the mastermind.
Why don't we get on with the lesson, since we don't have much time.
I think it will take a long time for China to catch up to Japanese level of industrialization.
I will catch up on my homework tonight.
Do we have stuff to snack on?
That's a good thing to know.
You reminded me that we have a lot to talk about.
The boss gave her the okey.
She okey-ed the project.
She is okay.
I have to make a phone call.
We already made plans to film.
The business made a profit.
She made it on time.
He made an appointment.
"I can't believe I missed the meeting!" - "Well, I did tell you it started at 8 sharp."
"I failed my test." - "Well, you would have gotten a better grade if you studied."
"Are you free on Friday?" - "Well, I'm supposed to have dinner with friends."
Well, it was nice running into you.
Meg assured her sister that she looked good in her prom dress.
I need to study to ensure I get a good grade.
You need to insure your car before you can drive it.
College admission expert say most US colleges and universities require letter of recommendation.
Why did my husband volunteer for a suicide mission?
"I got this new scarf." - "It's a little rough, though."
"My scarf is really nice" - "Yeah, it's costly though."
Saffron is a good alternative to opium production.
I'll see you on the other side.
Unfortunately, I have thrown away my receipt.
Our neighbors are very inconsiderate - they're always playing loud music late at night.
Be careful you don't slip - there's water on the floor.
How careless you are! You didn't lock the door again!
He slipped on the banana peel and fell over.
A butterfly draws his attention.
For my birthday I got flowers, books and things like that.
The research suggests that social media users who spend a lot of time only reading information but not interacting reported feeling worse afterward.
Users who did interact during the experience reported having better feelings.
But I'm gonna bounce back.
Did you want cream for your coffee?
California became the country's largest state to permit the recreational use of marijuana.
He's a master of disguise.
I'm eager for the school year to end, so I can finally go on vacation.
I'm anxious to see my grade. I didn't study a lot.
The editor at Oxford Dictionary said there was a 400% increase in the use of the word youthquake in 2017.
Have I ever let you down?
I always eat ice cream.
They always go to the movies on Friday.
Black clothing was a symbol of solidarity for a new movement called Time's up.
I've lost my way
I'm a little scared of spiders.
The party was pretty fun.
I'm kind of tired.
This is maybe the best food I have ever had.
I dig it.
This food is very good.
This food is definitely delicious.
At exactly three o'clock, I had some very good food.
They want to participate in the Olympic Games.
Cut it out!
The cookies tastes good.
The minister of culture and information said the decision marked a watershed moment.
Can you just give him a break?
Susan lent Bill $20.
Susan borrowed her sister's jacket.
The report said there are important benefits to turning unused land into sources of health food.
I just lost my job, now you're going to dump me?
I want break up with Sandy.
I got an email from my professor.
I got a new car.
I got a coat from my sister.
Could you get my coat?
When will you get here?
I got to work late.
The weather is getting cold.
I get excited when I get a good grade.
The loss of innocent lives had let the government to condemn extreme Islamic terrorists that espouse violent.
Talk about a blast from the past.
These happy puppies are not your ordinary dogs.
He told the extraordinary story of his escape.
I just always act out on my birthday.
Children who are bored or want attention may act out.
I prefer tea over coffee.
I prefer sitting next to a window.
I would rather see a movie today.
I would prefer to see a movie today.
I would rather go to the party than read my book.
I'd prefer to see a movie rather than go to a restaurant.
This will be the single biggest expulsion for over 30 years.
What kind of dinosaur they cooked up in that lab.
He made great strides in his study of English.
You can do anything. The sky's the limit.
It's ridiculous to expect a two-years-old to be able to read!
Sally was singing in the theater on Saturday.
China's Ministry of Transport reports that the two-year bike sharing trend has put more 16 million bikes in China.
We're gonna need to even the playing field.
The meeting is supposed to start at noon.
The game is supposed to run late.
The nurse is supposed to use a thermometer.
You're supposed to follow the manual.
The children are supposed to put away their toys.
Suzy is supposed to eat soup without slurping.
She picked up the biggest jackpot ever on a single ticket, more than $758 million.
Gear up guys!
One of the doors is open.
The player with the most correct answers wins.
The books that are on the table are mine.
The dogs that has floppy ears is the cutest.
Rains from Hurricanes last summer caused unprecedented flooding.
Some politicians fear that agreeing to the concession would set a dangerous precedent.
At my age getting in shape is merely a waste of time.
Either mom or dad will pick you up.
Neither the blue nor the red dress is available.
Neither Adam nor his friend cannot swim.
He said the United Nations should focus more on people and less on bureaucracy.
Come on, scaredy-cat!
International Space Station photobombs 2017 solar eclipse.
I don't wanna has to put the foot down.
The dad put his foo down and send his daughter to her room.
Why don't we go to the movies?
Why don't you come over at eight?
Why don't we meet for lunch?
Shall we go to the movies?
Shall we meet for lunch?
Shall I open the window?
Let's talk later.
Let's travel to New York.
Let's go dancing.
There is absolutely no collusion.
Yeah, well, animals get me.
I often use the Internet when I want to search for information.
I take online lessons twice a week, particularly during the weekends.
The boy walked his dog.
The refugees are arriving in Bangladesh in desperate conditions.
A few little tricks up her sleeve.
Maybe you, too, have a trick up your sleeve.
We're striking for better pay and improved safety standards.
There was no seat for me on the plane, because the airline had overbooked.
If you want tickets you'll have to join the queue.
It makes me mad when someone jump the queue.
A thousand people were evacuated from their homes following the floods.
He could at least have had the courtesy to say sorry.
The accident was the inevitable.
The boat's captain is missing, presumed dead.
Every time I fly to the States, I get really bad jet lag.
The old plane had great difficulty getting airborne.
Our fellow travelers were mostly Spanish-speaking tourists.
We might be experiencing some turbulence on this flight due to the approaching electrical storm.
The era was characterized by political and cultural turbulence.
John went home yesterday evening.
John went home last week.
John went home five years ago.
One out every 6 early death in the world could be linked to disease from toxic air and water.
You should not pick a fight with this person.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.
Successful applicants will be notified in writing.
We have three new trainees in the accounting department.
The job offers excellent promotion prospects.
He's just been appointed as director of the publishing division.
Productivity in the steal industry improved by five percent last year.
Some states in the U.S. want to make college costs affordable.
Don't jinx me, dude!
They've got a fabulous house.
Eight thousand people have been made redundant this year.
The recession has led to many small business going bankrupt.
Large supermarkets have high turnovers.
The merger proved to be very lucrative for both companies.
Some companies outsources to cheaper location to cut costs.
You'll never get a good job if you don't have any qualifications.
If you practice, you will become a pro.
The ice cream tastes delicious.
That idea sounds good.
This jacket feel tight.
You seem more relaxed.
Those dishes look dirty.
Shabby has empathy for the recent refugees.
We're broke.
He arrived at six o'clock precisely.
He works very accurately.
Maybe it will rain tomorrow.
Maybe we should visit Anna later.
I may be a little late for lunch.
The students have a shared desire to maintain the personal connections.
You seem a little off.
He cut in the line.
He is in his early 70s.
He has gray hair and eyebrow.
He has gone gray.
He had goatee beard but his face is shaved up now.
He started going gray in his 40s.
I have decided to grow a beard. What do you think?
People with fair complexions should use plenty of sunscreens.
My dog is fluffy.
This technology is so sophisticated we don't understand it.
If we don't hold them accountable, who will?
If the government wins, the Washington Post will cease to exist.
Tim is happy, while Tom is sad.
Mary likes living in the city, while Martha prefers the countryside.
He loves to travel, whereas his wife prefer to stay at home.
The study put the impact of violence on the world economy last year at $14.3 trillion.
I need your help to take back the park.
He used the money to found an internet business.
Given his age, he's a remarkably fast runner.
Please state why you wish to apply for this grant.
Evidence suggests that errors may indeed be occurring.
He yawned throughout the performance.
The state of my father's health concerns us greatly.
I've sent off applications for four different jobs.
If there were as many women as men in the parliament, the situation would be very different.
A healthy diet should supply all necessary vitamins and minerals.
The army is reported to be encountering considerable resistance.
The theater district in New York is in midtown Manhattan.
What time is the next bus due.
Apparently it's going to rain today.
They granted her an entry visa.
The issue of funding has yet to be addressed.
She's fairly tall.
She lays the blame for the recession fairly and squarely on the government.
We must make an immediate response.
Right groups say his arrest was part of Turkey's restriction on dissent.
Someone will come along.
The fact that something is cheap doesn't necessarily mean it's of low quality.
Is there intelligent life elsewhere in the universe?
You obviously didn't read the instructions properly.
There's a religious assembly every morning.
She will inherit her father's estate.
We've signed a treaty with neighboring states to limit emissions of harmful gasses.
Jamie hid the letter beneath a pile of papers.
It's going to take several days for my car to be repaired - meanwhile I'm renting one.
As part of their divorce settlement, Jeff agree to let polly keep the house.
She purchased her first house with the money.
It won't be easy, but we'll get across the river somehow.
Have you read Steve's proposals for the new project?
He hated being in the army because he had to obey commands.
I assume you knew each other because you went to the same school.
Apparently, John and Gabriel are willing for us to use their barbecue.
The competition will be judged by a panel of experts.
She has the reputation of being a good doctor.
I go to class every other day.
I saw George the other day.
One after the other, the people boarded the train.
We would write to each other every month.
You wrote to one another every month.
A researchers says it looks like it has a personality.
They're looking for hand-outs, instead of using their hands for work.
The accident left him severely disabled.
My sister is always meddling in other people's affairs.
He was altogether exhausted.
He left the teaching profession in 1965 to start his own business.
The group left with an ominous warning to never put girls in school again.
The only way we stand a chance is if we work together.
Before I went to work, I ate breakfast.
We celebrated with friends after we finished our project.
The cyber attack was described by expert as ransomware.
Ms. Sherman, the thought of leaving my obituary to chance is completely unreasonable to me.
The million people in the city live in abject poverty.
I like all kinds of movies with the exception of horror movies.
The piano and organ were tuned to the same pitch.
After a night of fighting, the streets are now calm.
I'm absolutely delighted that you can come.
She started writing poetry at a young age.
I reserve judgement on this issue until we have more information.
I appreciate that this is a difficult decision for you.
In the city, it is hard to rid a building permanently of pests.
He has dedicated his life to scientific research.
There's a suspicious - looking van parked at the end of the road.
Police are concerned that mugging is on the increase.
The police had been stalking the woman for a week before they arrested her.
Do you have a bookstore in your neighborhood?
A neighbor videotaped them in their own backyard.
The temperatures of the pristine Arctic are warming at twice the rate of the rest of the world.
To make sure that this one is a keeper.
Do you play any other sports besides basketball?
I have a question regarding your last statement.
The train was so packed that I couldn't find a seat.
He asked me to give him another loan, but I refused.
"Hi" is informal way of greeting.
She's very demanding child.
The flesh of the fruit is white.
Using a bunch of banana, the zoo-keeper persuaded the monkey back into its cage.
We woke at dawn.
It was generous of you to lend me the money.
The photograph will affect people's perception of war.
I need a new pair of trousers to go with jacket.
In the space marked "occupation" she wrote "police officer".
We talked about the new project.
Can I talk to you?
She speaks four languages.
Professor Reid spoke about climate change.
She didn't tell me her sister was in town.
I told you about the movie plot.
What did Sally said?
Tom said Jimmy was sick.
Angkor Was is the world's largest religious monument.
But I'm getting ahead of myself.
The Panama Canal provides a crucial shipping link between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
He patted my head.
Turn the tap off.
The funeral will be held next Friday.
I can't believe you dare to talk to me this way!
She emerged from the sea, blue with cold.
AIDS victims often experience social ostracism and discrimination.
There were literally hundreds of pages to read in the contract.
Her office is at the end of corridor.
The girl stood gazing with pity at the lion in the cage.
They found a bomb underneath the car.
The game ended in triumph for the home team.
The nursery has 30 babies on the books and 13 on the waiting list.
A stone hit the windows and cracked the glass.
There's a nasty smell in here.
As the excitement mounted, the children became noisier.
They set forth on their travels in early June.
We had a splendid holiday.
We were woken in the night by the wail of ambulance sirens.
The whole office was in the state of disorder.
Greg still insists that he did nothing wrong.
She had already sold everything of value that she possessed.
They're in despair about the money they've lost.
She felt embarrassed about undressing in front of the doctor.
One wall had shelves from floor to ceiling, crammed with books.
The disease cause a loss of sensation in the fingers.
They have been intrigued by the question of whether there is intelligent life in the universe.
Would you mind turning off your music?
Would you mind taking out the trash?
Would you mind closing the door?
Would you mind driving me to the airport?
In a sport unfamiliar to many South Africans, he made a history.
So, so great. Crushing it.
We see her practically every day.
John has been loyal worker in this company for almost 50 years.
The road bends to the left after the traffic lights.
I folded the letter in half and put it in an envelope.
She was a bold and fearless climber.
After all that hard work, you deserve a holiday.
Of cause I was angry - I can't pretend otherwise.
I owe my success to my education.
The children behaved so badly that I lost my temper.
I found it hard to keep my temper with so many things going wrong.
We were warned to eat the fish which might upset our stomach.
I assumed things had gone well for him because he had a big grin on his face.
My brother is fond of pointing out my mistakes.
Bob seems to have an instinct for knowing which products will sell.
Mike used to travel a lot.
He used to go to school in New York.
Flour, sugar and eggs are used to make cake.
Medicine is used to treat illness.
I am used to living here.
She is used to going to the gym in the morning.
I just can't get used to getting up early.
Eventually, you'll get used to the smells of the laboratory.
The successful test launch, in the state of Florida, was a major achievement for Space X.
Shouldn't we wait for backup?
Can we go back to the question that Helena posed earlier?
"Is that real fur on your collar?" - "Certainly not, I only wear fake fur."
All authors read and approved the final version of the manuscript.
Can you get the lid off this jar?
It's rude not to say "Thank you" when you are given something.
He read her letter aloud to the rest of the family.
You can float very easily in the Dead Sea because it's so salty.
She quickly became accustomed to his messy ways.
I keep my socks in the bottom drawer.
They begged for mercy.
I didn't know anything about what happened, I swear it.
He has been dismissed from his job for incompetence.
The hardware department is in the basement.
His denial of responsibility for the accident was unconvincing.
A noisy flock of tourists came into the building.
The birds hatched out the next afternoon.
The parcel was wrapped in plain brown paper.
Twitter is working to solve the problem of troll accounts.
My head is pounding. Everything's coming apart.
The parts are held together with glue.
We usually stack some wood next to the fireplace.
We spent the morning wandering around the old part of the city.
There was a picture of the Trevi fountain on the front of the book.
Your luggage must be weighed before it is put on the aircraft.
Don't insult me just because I can't dance.
They heard a dog barking outside.
We have no quarrel with people of your country.
The fog's so thick, I can't see farther than about ten meters.
I spilled coffee on my silk shirt.
In reply to their questions, she just shrugged.
Anyhow, I didn't ask you to come here to talk about your business.
Parents enjoy boasting about their children's achievements.
I sucked my thumb until I was seven.
Get a loaf of white bread from the corner store.
After her trip to Venezuela, she felt inspired to learn Spanish.
Would you like oil and vinegar on your salad?
Their service are tailored to client's need.
Gutenberg invented movable type in the 15th century.
"I love you", she murmured.
"Give us more time", they pleaded.
He drowned in a boating accident.
People in the street wept with joy when peace was announced.
She gave the cat a saucer of milk.
I don't want to talk about it anymore - let's drop the subject.
I don't ignore her intentionally - I just didn't recognize her.
His voice started to tremble, and I thought he was going to cry.
He carved her name on a tree.
You may store your valuables in the hotel safe while you are here.
The child yelled out in pain.
He told some fascinating tales about his life in India.
We stood for a few moments, admiring the view.
She exclaimed in delight upon hearing the news.
Political satire can make us all relax and get along better.
We got a fire burning in our bellies.
The athlete was unsure of the extent of his injury.
The provision of school lunches is the responsibility of each local authority.
The actor felt his remark had been taken out of context.
His radical comment about women was attacked by the conservative media.
Cultural studies is an academic discipline popular among young scholars.
The museum has an extensive collection of contemporary art.
Many universities provide accommodation for new students.
After the revolution, the country became a communist nation.
The station could no longer cope with the increasing number of passengers.
The U.N. Children's Agency, UNICEF, says the situation is catastrophic.
Where do you see yourself in five years?
The politician is critical of conventional methods of education.
He achieved the task through a supreme effort of will.
It is difficult to tell genuine pearls from fake ones.
There is currently a labour dispute between workers and management.
The scholar achieved outstanding academic success.
The explorers opened the burial chamber inside the ancient temple.
The opinion poll showed the government was losing popularity.
She learned the principles of architecture in Paris.
The team showed unity in a difficult situation.
The company's salespeople are readily available to help their customers.
The city hosts the headquarters of many hi-tech companies.
There is no concrete evidence to prove the recession is over.
The man took on the burden of looking after his parents.
She bears a striking resemblance to her mother.
The English town of Penkridge has wonderful medieval architecture.
In addition to academic subjects, some high school curricula include basic life skills; for example, cooking, budgeting or woodwork.
Bob always eats breakfast at 8 a.m.
They often go to the theater.
I rarely eat junk food.
Is your friend usually so rude?
Stir occasionally while the pasta is cooking.
Before opening their books, the students take part in a mindfulness exercise.
Then I can fit in. Let's roll!
Most of the staff refused to work alongside the new team.
Teachers complain that more of their time is taken up with administration than with teaching.
He will have to confront some frightening truths about this issues.
They awarded her a grand to study abroad for one year.
The peace initiative was welcomed for both sides.
The government has established a commission to investigate the problem of inner city violence.
Economic recovery is already underway.
The library is cracking down on people who lose their books.
The Charter of the United Nations was signed in 1945.
The discussion during the meeting was very intense.
The newspaper urged both sides to take a rational approach to the problem.
A hybrid vehicle use both petrol and electricity.
There was a mutual understanding between the two countries.
They faced a big problem, namely a shortage of funds.
The government will increase the child allowance next year.
The writer does the bulk of her writing work on weekends.
The building construction started with driving a stake into the ground.
Most of the trees shed their leaves in autumn.
The manager and the workers agreed to a compromise.
The staff felt that their boss was thoroughly reliable man.
The new manager was reluctant to let any workers go.
Is this David's house?
Is that David's house?
This is a fun party.
That is a fun party.
It kind of takes your breath away!
The nation's anti-corruption czar says much of the crash has disappeared.
There have been two nominations for the new job.
My secretary will phone you to arrange meeting.
All nominees for Treasure will be considered.
He's a strong advocate of state ownership of the railways.
It is possible to substitute margarine for butter in this recipe.
The region's agricultural products are mainly grain and cattle.
The lawyer undertook the extremely difficult case.
The earthquake brought all trains to a halt.
The company director resigned in order to preserve his firm's image.
The woman's grandmother had sought her several home remedies for colds.
Far from being disappointed, on the contrary, the man was delighted.
The room was painted in a faint blue.
Because of the storm, there was scarcely anyone outside.
The slope of the mountain was very steep.
The board of directors decided to implement a new investment plan.
International cooperation is necessary to combat terrorism.
They knew they would lose the football game.
It's only a loose translation of the poem.
A pearl neckless complements a nice dress.
I must compliment you on your handling of a very difficult situation.
Please keep the two parrots apart.
The new parrot became a part of the family.
This is incredible. He's making a run for it.
"You got this?, Think faster!" - "Yeah, I got this."
Gorillas look fierce, but in fact they are gentle and shy creatures.
The factory began to discharge dangerous chemicals into the air.
The hospital will stay open regardless of the typhoon.
The article seemed to imply that the politician would resign.
The musician displayed her fine trumpet, made of brass.
The water at this end of the pool is shallow.
The entrepreneur worked hard to make her business profitable.
The Louvre Museum has many famous sculptures.
The summer breeze felt cool against his face.
The recently sacked worker accused his ex-boss of racial prejudice.
The children scattered marbles all over the floor.
The final game score would quality her for the Olympics.
People seek brea, work, freedom and human dignity.
The vote sets up a path for president Xi Jinping to rule indefinitely.
You will soon pay for what you did to me.
The fishing vessels were swept away by the large storm.
The pavement was in need of repair.
The thick book fell off the table with a bang.
The pursuit of happiness is one of the fundamental human rights.
The ship will be in dock for repairs.
Hundreds of flight were cancelled due to volcanic ash.
The yearly budget should be submitted to the management today.
The company was swift in responding to customer complains.
The chairwoman's presentation convinced even the most skeptical investors.
The little girl poured water into the basin.
The army captain ordered a general retreat.
The article highlights the latest trends in social media.
The manager is seemingly healthy but his secretary worries bout him.
The previous proposal was refused and the new one was likewise refused.
The old man had a fishing hut in the forest.
The boy had led a life of vice until he met he man.
The artist turned the lump of clay into a beautiful vase.
The university's academic rating was extremely high.
Stop slurping your soup!
I suggest that you wait the soup has chilled.
It is important that she read the book.
The underground project to connect Heathrow Airport to the financial district has uncovered more than 10,000 artifacts.
You can pick up where he left off.
The manager asked his secretary to convey his apologies to the client.
The prime minister led a renaissance of his country's economic influence.
The teacher prepared the apparatus required for the experiment.
Mt.Everest is a destination for climbers from around the world.
There are several kinds of birds that nest is hollow trees.
Cedar wood is highly resistant to decay.
The government is desperately trying to stimulate the economy.
The villagers were opposed to the development of the woodland.
After moving house the boy found it hard to adapt to his new school.
The machine was designed to fold paper and cut it.
The fresh milk was brought to the dairy.
The flowers gave off a heavy scent at night.
The staff is ready for the presentation.
The Netherlands is known for tulips.
President Donald Trump fired James Coney as head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
We've got to go undercover.
People were surprised by the mighty power of the tornado.
At last, the fist glow of dawn could be seen.
The biggest market for ivory is the Far East.
The aquarium devoted itself to protecting rare fish.
The company's products were considered cheap but inferior.
The absence of funds stalled the project.
The student's supervisor prompted him to publish his research.
In the heat, the painted surface became sticky.
The movie contained graphic scenes of violence.
The famous scientist was humble about his achievements.
The organisms were discovered living in the ice.
An assistant was employed to relieve the employee's work burden.
A heap of old junk lay in the garden.
Essential metals are already scare in some countries.
For a moment his comment left her dumb with surprise.
The metal sheets were held together with bolts.
Whatever you think of my friends, their wedding was lovely.
There's the red, blue and green dress. Whichever you choose, I'm sure it will look great!
Some of the fake news said, "I don't think Donald Trump wants to build the wall".
They can use it however they see fit, no matter what its cost.
Please feel free to modify it as you see fit.
The church organized a demonstration against the government.
The artist dipped his brush in the paint.
The upward movement of the lift was very slow.
The village was surrounded by a great area of wilderness.
A thick layer of foam lay on the water.
Herds of bison roamed the plains.
Several ancient civilizations flourished along the river in the area.
The computer was apt to break down from time to time.
The book described the deeds of great warriors.
The prescription of antibiotics is not recommended in this case.
Famines are caused by many different factors.
Winters were usually wet and gloomy in the region.
She made a reservation at a local restaurant.
The calf was produced by cloning a cell.
A lightning conductor was placed on the steeple.
The textbook was too difficult for undergraduates.
The tomb of the local lords lay in the church.
The waters of the river were dark and muddy.
It comes down to whether or not you love me.
What it comes down to it, he is nothing but a silly boy.
You hook them up. Then, you turn it on. Then you log in.
Click on an icon or to run a program.
There was euphoria in Russia after Donald Trump won the U.S. presidential election.
I have a way that we can make some serious money. But it's shady.
Maybe we'll be luckier tomorrow. Don't worry. Carpe diem.
The new government decided to regulate gambling.
The textbook described the army's heroic acts.
The official seized the boy by the collar.
Being stung by a bee can be dangerous.
The politician's absence sparked off rumors that he had resigned.
The rats rapidly multiplied and spread.
A committee of physicians drew up the ethical guidelines.
The chemical was mainly used to kill weeds.
As the suburbs grew, the center of town became emptier.
The trains rarely departed on time.
The wounded soldier crawled to safety.
So far attempts to clone humans have been in vain.
You should talk more about modals.
You ought to know that certain modals are difficult for English learners to understand.
Unless you want to lose a grammar fan, you had better start teaching more about modals.
You had better run, the plane is about to leave!
Officials say if the planned work goes ahead, the place will not need another renovation until 2067.
Yeah, well times flies when you're having fun!
During his tenure as dean, he had a real influence on the students.
A desire for peace underlay the president's foreign policy.
A thermometer was fastened to the side of the tank.
The increasing acidification of the soil led to the problem.
His job was demanding, but he was paid accordingly.
Frogs prefer to live in damp environment.
The mayor fulfilled his promise to build a gymnasium.
The researchers went on an expedition to the judge of Africa.
Space is not a perfect vacuum.
Everyone felt admiration at his wonderful novel.
The refugees attempted to flee from the war zone.
Ethnic conflicts were common in the country at one time.
The country was known for its harsh law.
The meeting began with a few remarks from the chairman.
The immense cost of the new town hall was criticized by the public.
The seal on the document was fake.
The murder was committed by a policeman.
It's a pain in the neck but I have to do it.
Coding is a universal language. Coding is the language of solving problems.
There's something fishy going on with those three.
The problem was compounded by the scientist's lies.
He worked part-time as a maths tutor.
Although gambling is technically illegal, it is common in some countries.
The company decided to recruit an interpreter.
The engineers tried to locate the source of the problem.
A tax increase was imposed on tobacco products.
The jet left a trail of vapor across the sky.
I put my seat in an upright position.
The two countries reached an accord over the frontiers.
Every article was reviewed by peers in the field.
The archaeological team exhibited its finds.
The nurse accidentally snapped the thermometer.
A mission was sent to establish diplomatic relations.
The guest's preference was for French food.
His virtue as a scholar was his accuracy.
I went out of my way to be kind to her.
I may go to the concert.
She said she might go to the concert.
He sent her flowers. It must be love.
The result of this experiment has encourage other farmers to try similar projects.
You can't turn back the clock, kid.
I dropped by an ATM to withdraw some money.
It took an hour for the worker to drain all the water from the tank.
The criminals were ordered to surrender their weapons.
Certain creatures such as rats arouse disgust in humans.
He felt the strain of living in an alien culture.
People start receiving pensions at age 60 in the country.
The government introduced several measures to increase tax revenue.
The man's work at the homeless shelter was voluntary.
The customer made an inquiry concerning the company policy.
Regime change is not acceptable as a reason for war.
A full explanation of the problem is beyond the scope of this paper.
The company is planning to increase its sales personnel by 15%.
The volunteers were aged 35 and 40 respectively.
You make me feel small.
My house is the largest one on our street.
This is the smallest car I've ever seen.
My friend is the silliest of everyone I know.
The group Amnesty International says the burgeoning demand is causing labor rights abuses on many plantations.
We're really going to be able to jack up our price if we're two-times galaxy savers!
It is the taxpayer's duty to declare their earnings.
The brothers of a king are traditionally made dukes.
From the doctor's perspective, it was time to operate.
It was the most expensive residential area in the town.
A medical certificate is necessary for a medical leave.
The price of corn has gone up considerably.
The salesperson made a deliberately law estimate to get the business.
Inspectors were sent in to assess the financial status of the company.
The president stayed in the city's premier hotel.
The finance minister promised to control the government's deficit.
Food security is high on the agenda of many government.
There was no indication that the vice president would quit the company.
All participants must show valid identification before entering the conference room.
The stock market hosts millions of transactions each day.
The factory is liable for any injuries that occur there.
The trial attracted wide media coverage at the time.
The lease on the building was for 10 years.
The machine burns rubbish and in the process produces electricity.
We need to go back to the drawing board and consider why we have this outcome.
The Startblok project wants to be an example of integration.
I think your niece may be gifted!
The fleet of Spanish ships neared the English coast.
The folk costume was made of a very colorful fabric.
I reckon that the situation will improve in the near future.
A large vocabulary is a great asset for every student.
People can achieve many things through sheer hard work.
The new project has the backing of several board members.
Many elderly people prefer home care to institutional care.
There has been much controversy over immigration policies recently.
It rained for five successive days during the festival.
The exhibition's aim was to foster the understanding of modern sculpture.
The statesman failed to realize his grand conception.
The politicians held a forum on international relations.
The young couple bought a small terrace house in a fashionable area.
Those living in poverty cannot even afford decent housing.
Researchers have already released some preliminary results of the study.
The distribution company was a subsidiary of a trading company.
I'm overwhelmed by her. Not her beauty, but her soul.
Mark only likes to watch action movies (e.g., Die Hard, James Bond, the Terminator series).
Our pet, Sammy, i.e, the Beagle we adopted two years ago, needs to be groomed every day.
The computers of Hillary Clinton's campaign manager were hacked and their documents released.
It's time for a practice run.
He couldn't walk far without getting short of breath.
John has put on a lot of weight.
Even when he was a child, he was very stubborn.
I should stop eating high-calorie food. My belly has become so fat.
Have you weighed yourself lately?
The gold dealer was suspected of mass fraud.
The British Queen is also Head of the Commonwealth of Nations.
The press conference was broadcast simultaneously by four TV stations.
English is a compulsory subject in many countries.
Students can only carry out experiments under the supervision of a teacher.
The dean decided to retire prior to the next election.
Figs are rich in fiber, vitamins and minerals.
Train companies often have monopolies over their routes.
The professor is very accessible and open-minded.
It is difficult for animals to survive in such a hostile environment.
Meat-eating plants catch their prey in four ways.
Please specify the dimension of the rectangle.
All the student felt nervous about their forthcoming examinations.
The novel had an elaborate plot concerning an attempted murder.
Penguins are awkward on land but elegant in water.
The businessman's son only inherited a fraction of his father's estate.
The company is debating whether restructuring would be worthwhile.
Losing one's job can be a huge source of distress.
The small village still performs many traditional rituals.
The festival lasted for an entire fortnight.
"Earth to Kelly. Earth to Kelly" - "Oh, sorry. I was just daydreaming."
Tim's dog is cuter than Jim's dog.
This painting is more beautiful than the other painting!
We will cooperate where we can, but we will be ready to confront where we must.
"I've been waiting for this. We've got a tank." - "Let's roll!"
The employee acknowledged her mistake and apologized.
You can enhance your chances of success by being prepared.
The new theory had profound implications for human biology.
The teacher was very rigid in his interpretation of the rule.
In science a proposition is just a theory until proven.
Faced with defeat, the army prayed for divine intervention.
We took the ferry to the Isle of Man.
Always be polite, and do not use crude language.
Universities try to attract prospective students by using social media.
The attorney raised an objection in court.
The goods were transported from German to Italy by lorry.
We tend to judge phenomena by standards inherent to our own culture.
The hikers walked carefully along the mountain ridge.
The career officer counsels students on how to find work.
Brand continuity is important for any business.
The new manager of the sales team is highly competent.
The city's persistent efforts to host to Olympics finally paid off.
Some birds use sticks to probe the ground for insects.
The company was accused of exploiting immigrant workers.
Both orthodox and new methods of teaching should be used.
Her speech was so inspiring, it affected the audience.
There was a lot of interest in the fully electric and hybrid electric cars.
But someday a hero will set things right.
What is the reason for you answer to the prior question?
Promotion can be an incentive to harder work.
The reporters were frustrated by the politician's obscure answers.
That's great. I knew you could it.
Merman-Webster says web searchers for surreal rose after several world events and tragedies in 2016.
Have you seen that girl who has been fishing around in our trash?
The two actors have had an intimate friendship for years.
Obviously what she did was wrong, but I don't think it warranted such a severe punishment.
The police showed the suspect the arrest warrant.
The motorway can get extremely crowded in the holiday season.
As the children left the building, a blast of icy air hit them.
Public telephones are of little utility today.
The travelers took a ferry from the mainland to the island.
The scholar became famous in the realm of art history.
The offshore oil platform explosion was an environmental disaster.
The sculptor moulded wax into the form of a bird.
The company secured a patent for its vacuum cleaner design.
This literary award carries great prestige.
The Portuguese reached the Cope of Good Hope in 1488.
Thousands of crabs walked sideways along the beach.
You need a big ego to be a successful politician.
Talking loudly on a mobile phone can be a real nuisance.
The suspect was rigorous in her denial of the charges.
It's absurd to learn swimming from someone who can't swim.
Young children are sometimes unable to control their bodily functions.
Personal computers and flat-screen TVs are mere commodities nowadays.
The Internet has been instrumental in creating a global community.
The lone opponent of the proposal was ignored by the others.
This is the fifth consecutive weekend that I've spent working.
Documentaries are often narrated by well-known actors.
I've just had a tough day and I'm feeling out of sorts.
There were many rare fossils on display in the exhibition.
The large house had two separate staircases.
He suspected his enemy of starting the vicious rumor.
The fallen tree was covered with moss and mushrooms.
Many people come to big cities in quest of employment.
There was a noticeable improvement in team performance.
There is ample time to recruit new staff.
The bakery is famous for its crisp and delicious pastries.
M16 in the UK corresponds to the CIA in the U.S.
Nobody was able to anticipate the recent world economic collapse.
The highest ranking member of English nobility is the monarch.
He began the proceeding with a brief speech.
Success is often attributed to both luck and genes.
Transparent containers allow you to see what is inside.
The company dumped chemical waste in the river.
The park contained a pleasant grove of elm trees.
His endeavors to enter the university were in vain.
The expedition suffered many hardships in the jungle.
The chemical releases a powerful odor.
I had her cut my hair.
I had him fix my computer.
I got my mom to babysit.
I got my boss to give me a promotion.
This year's nominees are more diverse than in recent years.
We're really got our work cut out for us.
He is full of himself, but he is also a genius.
How many people are coming over for dinner?
How much food do we need for tonight's dinner?
He brought some furniture for the house.
Most Americans speak English.
I have plenty of food at home.
All children are special.
Do you have any juice?
These needles ease the chronic pain David Ramsey feels in his back and legs.
What acupuncture does for me is decrease that level of pain.
Tonight, we're taking game tonight up a notch.
The dean wrote his speech beforehand.
The staff worked overtime the whole week.
The student's essay was covered with corrections.
They should be inspected regularly for wear.
He stuck the lever under the car to raise it.
Lack of evidence is the greatest obstacle to historical research.
The coarse surface of the rock allowed plants to grow.
The zoo's staff was relieved when the pandas began to reproduce.
The peasants squashed the grape with their feet for making wine.
The shop was in a small alley.
The fields provided pasture for the local cattle.
The factory was on the outskirts of the town.
The region has an abundant supply of high-quality wood.
The land is naturally fertile.
The problem was how to dispose of the spent uranium.
The explorer used a compass to find his way.
The ingredients of the new drug were top secret.
The man erected a large tent in the field.
The scientist devised an experiment to test his theory.
There was an air of boredom in the class.
Frequent wars and plagues devastated the country.
Reckless driving can cause accidents.
The captain managed to steer the boat to safety.
The archeologist discovered the remains of primitive dwellings.
The value of the shares plunged on the news.
The publisher initiated a series of books on linguistics.
A banner was put up to welcome the athletes home.
The club members wore the same striped tie.
The patient was examined by three psychologists.
Somehow the tourists had strayed into a secret military camp.
The man let out a curse of anger.
Children have a natural inclination to be inquisitive.
The researcher measured how high the ball bounced.
The librarian frowned at the noisy children.
The agricultural museum contained many old ploughs.
The author regarded the review as a compliment.
Newspapers condemned the government's action.
A multitude of people gathered to watch the eclipse.
The temple could be dated by the shape of the pillars.
Darwin's theory of evolution eventually prevailed.
Some errors diminished the value of the textbook.
President Trump signed executive orders.
Jason, it's not a piece of cake!
Why don't I take you to the station?
I couldn't care less if I get a bad grade.
It's very practical for the students.
California Highway Patrol think they have some crooked cops.
He tucked his shirt into his trousers.
The biologists attained their goal of cloning a sheep.
The snow made the roads slippery.
The physicist conceived his theory on holiday.
The man spat on the ground.
Many rose bushes have sharp thorns.
The airline announced it will commence international flights next year.
A more efficient light bulb came on the market.
The two scientists coordinated their research.
As the days passed, the patient became more feeble.
The passenger asked for a seat by the aisle.
The new worker quickly won his colleague's esteem.
Some plants only become vines under certain conditions.
The equipment was protected by a waterproof surface.
The hotel was located in an agreeable spot.
In the older days there were 12 pennies in a shilling.
The huge tree swayed in the wind.
The editor's job was to revise the book.
The baby was fast asleep in her cradle.
A ghost was said to haunt the castle.
The theory was based on a false premise.
The doctor gave him some tablets for his stomach.
The book's arguments were difficult to comprehend.
I scraped the gum off the bottom of my shoe.
The psychologist made a study of bilingual children.
The violent youth was deprived of love as a child.
The chemist measured out an ounce of powder.
Fire had inflicted great damage on the building.
The ripe crops were damaged by the hail.
Bees were humming around the flowers.
The farmer sowed the seeds across the field.
The images were transmitted by satellite.
Every morning, he ground coffee for his breakfast.
The poet was a quiet, reflective woman.
His remark was intended to signify his disgust.
The lecture said he would confine himself to one topic.
The swamp was home to many rare creatures.
He left out a groan of pain.
He took the pills as a precaution against airsickness.
A puff of smoke appeared from the chimney.
In graduate school, he had specialized in botany.
An owl flew down and perched on a branch.
The bird had a bright yellow beak.
Habitual TV watchers tend to do less well in school exams.
I have a little money. Let's have some ice cream.
I have little money. I should stay home.
I have no clue what I want to do with my life.
Pakistani Ahmadiyyas have been persecuted for decades.
I'm really freaking out, you guys!
I know your heart is broken, but time is a great healer.
The political situation in the region has deteriorated rapidly.
My dear Belle, you're so ahead of your time.
The climber described the perils he had faced.
The local people traditional tools to cultivate the land.
I was tempted to buy a bag in the sale.
Ancient Greeks believed that their gods were immortal.
He researched the methods used by traditional craftsmen.
As they walked onward, it began to grow dark.
After its initial success, the company prospered and grew.
The principal was a descendant of the school's founder.
The politician was convicted of stealing public money.
The older boys teased him about his accent.
Opponents of the plan exaggerated its expense.
The corrupt factory owner tried to bribe the local officials.
The machine gave a jerk when he turned it on.
Squirrels are common in London's park.
The rocket soared into the sky.
The dictator compelled the scientists to work for him.
The group of writers proclaimed their opposition to censorship.
Secretly the younger researcher despised his colleagues.
A knee injury hastened his retirement from football.
Lions and tigers are carnivores. Cows and sheep are herbivores.
In biology classes, we used to dissect rats.
I'm glad to see that everybody is bright-eyed and busy-tailed this morning.
Up until now there was a lot of speculation but I see this as now, a big relief for me.
Power nap! Uh, you were saying...
It began with the forging of the great rings.
The company deceived customers by selling old computers as new ones.
Seaweed serves the function of keeping seawater clean.
The carver's workmanship became famous.
The old man stumbled and fell.
The two islands were divided by a narrow strait.
The factory was used to refine sugar.
The explorer perished in the Arctic.
As a full-time professor, he was entitled to research funds.
The tortoise had adapted quickly to the new environment.
Farming such hilly land was very difficult.
He owned his success to his industrious character.
The wheel began to whirl more and more quickly.
The results of the experiment staggered the scientists.
Small mistakes about dates irritated the historian intensely.
The watermill continually revolved.
The bomb blast shattered every window.
The dirty water infected a number of swimmers.
A sudden noise startled the spectators.
The archeologist condensed his findings into one article.
The lead runner began to pant heavily.
From the train he could already see the skyscrapers.
The accounting course is orientated towards beginners.
Everyone was astonished by the president's sudden resignation.
Against my better judgement, I told her the truth.
Some visitors find candy that makes them feel nostalgic.
Yeah, sometimes I feel like I'm from a different planet, too.
The filename is a series of concatenated words with no spaces.
The space station is made up of modules that were assembled in space.
The hiker checked his bearing on the compass.
The patient will be especially vulnerable to infection after surgery.
The timber was piled up inside the shed.
We had to revise the contract to make several things more explicit.
Hopefully, it will stop raining this afternoon.
In 1862 President Abraham Lincoln announced the liberation of slaves.
The graph shows that the number of foreign students increased substantially.
Some people pay a premium to buy "green" products.
The election created a stable equilibrium between the political parties.
The school's new computer room was not yet operational.
A driving license is a legitimate form of identification.
The section head invariably comes late to meeting.
The hotel offered a discount to people with a disability.
The mayor was known to be a man of integrity.
Many companies struggle to comply with the new tax regulations.
Law enforcement agencies arrested a key drug cartel member yesterday.
The budget cuts had implications for all universities.
The student finally completed his graduation thesis.
The emergence of the Internet has changed the music industry.
The explosion shattered nearby windows and wrecked two cars.
Don't worry, I've got your back.
Strong human resources were integral to the company's success.
Amazingly, the house remained intact after the storm passed.
The online bank demanded extra documentation from customers. 
Closer scrutiny revealed differences between the two signatures.
Demand has remained static for the past several months.
In this process precision is far more important than speed.
The project was not compatible with the philosophy of the company.
There was a vast array of products on display.
The construction company planted trees to offset carbon emissions.
The author has been writing a serial novel for the magazine.
They were unable to incorporate all the workers into the new team.
The old doctor was the only general practitioner in the village.
A nation has a sovereign right to protest its borders.
The professor's argument was very coherent and easy to understand.
The arbitrary decision-making of management angered the workers.
The investor faced the dilemma of whether or not to buy that stock.
Climbing Mt. Everest is a formidable challenge.
The musician explained his philosophy with utmost clarity.
The company president hit the table in a fury.
The rock group dressed in a weird way to attract attention.
The legacy of Adam Smith continues to this day.
The biologist collected many animal specimens.
Incidentally, could you meet me for tea tomorrow?
Examines need to make a quick, spontaneous response.
She seemed so surprised by the news that it must have come out of a clear blue sky.
He is the quiet type but speaks up about things that are important to him.
They should be here.
I think you should wear the red dress.
You look tired, you should get more sleep.
Developed country parties shall continue taking the lead by undertaking economy-wide absolute emission reduction targets.
The World Bank says stronger efforts to ease inequality are important to reducing extreme poverty around the globe.
We've had a lot of wonderful trips in this old rust bucket.
The chemicals can be poisonous if ingested.
He spat out an insult and marched out of the room.
"Hey Tom, what's with your face?"
The young American was a Peace Corps volunteer teaching English in Vietnam.
We have never experienced such a disastrous tornado before.
The Internet has facilitated the establishment of international networks.
The school committee enforced the new rules.
Several ducks could be heard quacking on the marsh.
The manager was told not to intervene in other team's work.
The pilot retired from the aviation industry in 1996.
The train line was constructed purely for transportation of freight.
The company has a lot of extra stock in its warehouse.
Forestry is an important field of environmental protection.
The alligator made a nest among the reeds.
There were race riots in this area in the 1960s.
We must embrace new technologies, or we'll be left behind.
The holiday brochure was very glossy and impressive.
The factory is located on the eastern fringe of the city.
The man is supposedly the greatest footballer ever.
The report on youth crime was a revelation to the public.
The new mayor is more conservative than predecessor.
The new employee was soon tired of her basic clerical duties.
Municipal elections are held once every four years.
The object descended from space at high velocity.
The pieces of pottery were over 1000 years old.
The wall was reinforced with extra concrete.
The rainbow was shaped like a beautiful arc.
There are several pros regarding launching the product early.
The bag was made from colored strands of silk.
Hard work can compensate for lack of ability.
Let's go halves.
We automate those tasks, so that we can spend more money on higher quality ingredients.
Now's a good time to take charge!
The UN has also started a campaign against xenophobia relating to refugees and migrations.
If past experience in anything to go by, this experiment will end badly.
That's exactly what it is, it's revolutionary.
The sales director advocated entering the Chinese market.
The instrument is used to gauge wind speed.
Women are still subordinate to men under the law in many societies.
The country decided to increase its annual refugee quota.
The politician's remark was somewhat ambiguous.
The art expert doubted that the painting was authentic.
The city issued a bulletin asking residents to save water.
It is customary to start a letter with "Dear...".
Electronic toll collection means highways can be more efficient.
Today, the Internet is an invaluable source of information.
It is advisable for politicians to be mindful of utterance.
The company ordered a new batch of components.
Food becomes rotten quickly in warm, humid climate.
The graduate student was advised to include more factual analysis in his thesis.
The politician was known as a pragmatic socialist.
The student's understanding of the topic was superficial.
Steam locomotives were still employed in some rural areas.
The prime minister was conspicuous by his absence at he official dinner.
The bombing caused some damage, but no casualty.
The shop was renowned for high-quality textile products.
The difficulty of the work notwithstanding, the intern performed well.
The farmers received a huge subsidy from the government.
The rise in juvenile crime is causing concern.
The two football teams were evenly matched.
"We are not terrorists", he said evenly. "We are freedom fighter".
She has the most adorable two-year-old girl.
Don was punished for calling his mother a stinker.
I thought I saw someone skulking in the bushes - maybe we should call the police.
I like Jim, but he's a little goofy.
I'm confident that we can do that.
Litter once prevented Mount Fuji from gaining World Heritage status.
There are a lot of opinions, pros and cons, in this issue.
Anthropology is basically the study of human race.
The United Kingdom comprises England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The school students hung their coats on pegs.
The tariff on oil imports was increased by 1% last week.
Civil servants are sworn to secrecy in their job.
The polar icecap is diminishing, possibly because of global warming.
Earthquake experts discussed the recent movement of the earth's crust.
Children in the nursery school sometimes forgot to flush the toilet.
The demonstration was planned to coincide with the conference on global warming.
The new apartments were bright and spacious.
Diplomats were able to negotiate a peaceful solution to a tricky situation.
Many items from the sunken ship ware washed ashore.
Spouses and parents are welcome to attend the company Christmas party.
The doctor was responsive to his patients' need.
The thesis concerned Shakespeare's use of animal imagery.
Outgoing mail is no longer screened by the police in the country.
She has an outgoing personality.
The Izu peninsula is renowned for its natural beauty.
Our on-demand educational TV programs are catering for young viewers.
Several trucks were required to haul the equipment to the port.
The man used a shoe to prop the door opened.
We are often dismissed and underestimated.
You know what's great about hitting rock bottom?
What annoys me about these girls is their complacency - they seem to have no desire to expand their horizon.
He shaped our generation. And he shaped the responsibility of artists simply by being so authentic to his desire to tell the truth in song.
This is AV1, an avatar that represents a child who is recovering from a long-time illness and cannot go to school.
You could just write your own rules, you know?
She seemed so very meek and mild.
You are kindly requested to leave the building.
Are they brave or just dumb?
"Watch out!" he shouted, but it was too late.
She twitched her nose like a rabbit.
It is instinct that tells the birds when to begin their migration.
The economist's projection turned out to be embarrassingly wrong.
The company's eccentric TV commercial is well known.
Certain literary genres, such as tragedy, are very old.
Women still have large hurdles to overcome in the corporate world.
The people in the region tended to be short and stout.
The anti-nuclear weapons lobby exerted pressure on the government.
The craftsman's tools were in an orderly array on the desk.
Every member of the staff wore a name badge.
Traceability has become commonplace in the food supply chains.
The fisherman attached his bait on the hook.
Housing benefits in the UK are administered by local governments.
The mayor is leading the crusade against factory farming in the country.
Protect your eyes from the glare of your computer screen.
It is important to dig a deeper trench to drain water away.
The economist ascertained the real causes of the stock market crash.
Older people prefer a smaller bungalow to a large house.
At the school, the girls were taught good posture.
For this assignment just one or two pages will suffice.
Generally, liberal ideas are more prevalent at urban universities.
The novelty of new electronic gadgets wears off quickly.
It's hard to understand the true meaning from its literal translation.
The elderly professor's lectures were tedious, to say the least.
He showed me how to differentiate edible mushrooms from poisonous ones.
The aircraft landed safely on the runway, despite the storm.
The menace of terrorism can be felt across the globe.
The apprentice learned many useful techniques from his master.
This water purifier has a charcoal filter.
The hilltop stadium was at very high altitude.
The man fed the bread to a clutch of hungry geese.
MJ, always reliable under pressure, was a tremendous clutch shooter.
They are hosting a free webinar on how to survive and thrive in this economy.
I have to work to keep my head above water.
I understand your point, but that would be going too far.
I'm thinking of taking up tai chi.
Japan drew 1-1 with Korea in the semi-finals.
He is a hard-headed old man.
We need to take a more hard-headed approach to these problems.
After three failed election attempts, the candidate conceded defeat.
It seems that the region is in a state of perpetual war.
The government struggled to formulate its policies.
Mediation is an important element of Buddhism.
The novelist finished his speech amid a storm of applause.
The speaker was one of the most eminent psychologists of the day.
Reducing air friction is a key concern of automobile designers.
On weekends he enjoyed indulging in mindless web surfing.
The minister is wondering whether taxes inhibit business growth.
It was difficult to allocate the money fairly.
Some Italian dialects are disappearing quickly.
The prime minister endorsed the spokesman's comment.
The family took a brisk walk before dinner.
They climbed the mound and looked around.
Anatomy is an important branch of biology.
She relished the thought of a holiday from work.
The company specialized in underwater exploration.
Her reply to his letter was very impersonal.
A solemn ceremony was held for the victims.
He asked the company to send him an invoice.
He gave up his extravagant lifestyle.
The soldier disregarded the order to fire.
Many people find a mobile phone indispensable.
The results of my exams will dictate what I do next year.
The huge old fairground was like a maze.
He was accused of discriminating against female employees.
The inventor created various ingenious devices.
People were tired of the general's oppressive rule.
The student made a shrewd criticism of the article.
The soldier was ordered to scrub the floors.
He had been adopted in his infancy.
Valedictorian of her class, ZPD's very first rabbit officer... Judy Hops.
I had the privilege of interviewing Picasso in the 1960s.
Bellwether, make room, will you?
The voter turnout in most precincts is expected to be high.
If I were a tree, I would be a willow tree.
If I had a million dollars, I would buy a panda.
They accuse the Australian government of deliberately inflicting suffering on people seeking seeking safety and freedom.
You're a piece of work.
I am your boss, not the other way around.
The bird became extinct a century ago.
The president refused to speculate about the company's future.
The tower was in the shape of a cone.
The apology was seen as a manifestation of weakness.
Stop patronizing me! I understand the play as well as you do.
It burns me up to see folks with such backward attitudes toward foxes.
I just wanna say you're a great dad and just a real articulate fella.
She orders the same lunch set all the time.
All the times that we went to a cafe, he never ordered a coffee.
If you see her, say hello.
If it rains, I will bring an umbrella.
If you are late for work again, you will get fired.
Space experts say there are more than 100 million pieces of space debris in Earth's orbit.
I said a lot of terrible things to you. My heart was broken.
The castle failed to withstand the enemy attack.
He remained a bachelor until he was well into his 40s.
He diverted his gaze from the bloody scene.
Mosquitoes thrive in the warm, damp climate.
The economist gave his opinion decidedly.
They complained about excessive government intrusion into their legitimate activities.
Even scientists frequently rely on intuition.
The climber coiled a rope around the rock.
She had an innate gift for learning languages.
His thesis was marred by a number of errors.
The department store was on the brink of financial collapse.
The smaller boats towed the large one.
Many aquatic creatures are being affected by pollution.
The traveller looked over the barren plain.
Shouldn't the world increase its reliance on geothermal energy?
Before embarking on his new novel, he took a holiday.
Most human beings live in the world's temperate zone.
The captive soldiers were quickly put to work.
His T-shirt was drenched with sweat and clung to his body.
The trams became a popular tourist attraction.
The soldiers tramped along the town's main street.
The politician contended that he had been misunderstood.
The university conferred an honorary degree on him.
The journalist was a well-known foe of the administration.
Superstitious baseball players will wear the same shirt every day when they are on a hitting streak.
The majority of Japanese people live above poverty.
I had a normal day yesterday.
It's not always easy. Give it time. Don't give up.
The match is a draw. They drew nil-nil.
Japan won four three against Korea.
There isn't no other way.
Time is not unlimited.
I don't know nothing.
I can't get no answers.
Five years of civil war has orphaned children all over Syria.
Some of them found refuge in this World War II orphanage north of Aleppo.
I have never felt closer to my mom.
Visitors were asked to refrain from smoking.
The number of literate citizens increased significantly.
He wanted a durable case for his mobile phone.
The woman had no recollection of the event.
Discontent was brewing among the workers.
The bigger boys often bullied the new pupils.
Many teenagers go through moody phase.
The price of local staples such as rice increased.
Some students were chattering outside the library.
The tower of Pisa began to tilt during construction.
The man shoved the boy out of his way.
He blurred the photograph to hide the woman's identity.
The writer was also a campaigner for human rights.
The town worked hard to conserve its old building.
I noticed him watching me keenly.
Every day, more shipments of books arrived.
His experiences overseas had broadened his viewpoint.
She felt a shudder of fear at the thought.
The lawyer studied a transcript of the interview.
The boys made a raft out of branches.
The tranquil scene was disturbed by shouting.
The local speech had various unusual traits.
The nurse dispensed medicines to the patients.
She finally achieved her aspiration to be an actress.
There were a few drawbacks to the new buildings.
The younger teachers were more cosmopolitan in outlook.
Be careful in the future. Otherwise they will ban you forever.
You remember the lesson from last week, don't you?
There's something sacred about this place.
Stronger men than you have lost their way.
Don't give up now! Hang in there!
The noise of the music distracted him from his studies.
The metal was melted in a giant furnace.
People admired the majestic exterior of the hotel.
The doctor prescribed a course of antibiotics.
The article distorted the facts of the case.
He made his livelihood drawing political cartoons.
The forest abounded in wildlife.
The government used brute force to crush the rebels.
No one dared contradict the company CEO.
The former comrades enjoyed talking about the past.
The enterprising businessman saw a chance for profit.
He wandered through the desolate landscape.
The park contained many rare trees and shrubs.
The eagle fed the fish to her brood.
It was the night of the lunar eclipse.
The laboratory was told to lessen its staff.
Some of the guests lingered until midnight.
He decided to discard some of his old books.
The areas in the higher latitudes are frozen.
The candidate was greeted with ridicule by the crowd.
His proposal was dismissed as lunatic by critics.
The scholar compiled an anthology of contemporary poetry.
The politician showed her disdain for the reporters.
The desert was hard to traverse by car.
The girl excelled at maths and music.
The stone caused ripples in the pond.
These sandals buckle at the ankle.
Climate change is affecting the glaciers.
The farmer kept a number of hives.
The zoologist flipped the tortoise onto its back.
The movie depicted the struggle against slavery.
Many of the local peasants were illiterate.
The subject is theoretical, as opposed to practical.
Ken Simonsson says construction employment is growing nearly twice as fast as the rest of the economy.
Professor, you are having visions, aren't you?
Well, I stood up for you, and you lied to me.
She was changing the baby's diaper.
On weekends they hustle tourists on the waterfront.
It's that sort of slick sales talk that I mistrust.
The farmers were all waiting for the thaw.
The aristocrat was proud of his famous ancestry.
The cat vanished in a blink of the eye.
The teenager aspired to be a doctor.
The mountain was designated a World Heritage Site.
They tried to discredit her by twisting her words.
He planned to cross the equator on foot.
Dolphins are said to be playful creatures.
The auditorium was crowded with students.
The indiscriminate use of fertilizers can cause long-term problems.
The sky turned dark and people heard thunder rumble in the distance.
She gave her children a wholesome diet.
The painting was a relic of his former wealth.
The article was published in a learned periodical.
The engine began to emit strange noises.
The beach was covered in large pebbles.
The taste of the sauce was disagreeable to the visitor.
Officials are concerned about how best to protect the fisheries and water quality in the river.
The planned library never materialized.
The sculpture consisted of cylindrical columns.
The parts were interchangeable with each other.
His job was to look for ideas for new marketable goods.
Local products were displaced by cheap imports.
He tried to rouse his sleeping son.
The chef toiled all day preparing for the banquet.
The politician was criticized for his idealistic views.
The scientists carefully nurtured the baby panda.
The vase was covered with a thick glaze.
The biggest hindrance to his plans was lack of money.
The birds use things to build their nests.
I know it's not my place, but may I make a suggestion?
The Grassroots Democracy Party's founders say they are meeting with disenchanted voters.
You better get yourself lawyered up.
Let me buy you lunch, for old time's sake.
The worker was crippled in the accident.
The millionaire halved his fortune between his two sons.
He was arrested for battering his wife.
Her teacher said the essay contained too many generalization.
She hated her father tickling her.
Some of the local shellfish contained mercury.
Perseverance is necessary to learn a foreign language.
The businessman kept a ranch for relaxation.
Forts were built along the coast to repel invaders.
The sailors used the starts to navigate by.
The paper certified that he was a graduate.
Various lizards and other reptiles lived on the island.
The suspect alleged police brutality.
The pedestrian was dazzled by the headlights.
He deemed her reply an insult.
The road was paved with old tiles.
The voters felt a degree of disillusion with government.
She ascribed her husband's bad temper to work pressure.
He worked for a manufacturer of bottled beverages.
The gas had been compressed into a small container.
The wolves devoured the meat in an instant.
She heard the jingle of the doorbell.
The engine propelled the car forward.
A boy hurled a stone at the window.
The old man wagged his head in disagreement.
There was a sprawl of housing on the side of the hill.
She adorned her hair with wild flowers.
Homeowners often look down on plumbers.
The media often intrudes into the lives of celebrities.
He nourished the abandoned puppy with milk.
Many of the workers commuted from the suburbs.
The school expended much money on publicity.
The country harmonized its policies with those of its ally.
She wrung the water from the wet handkerchief.
The committee managed to contrive a compromise plan.
The athlete managed to surpass the previous record.
The boy had a severe stammer.
She immersed herself wholly in her work.
The cloth was immersed in a large tank of dye.
Settlers rushed to the area.
Hot water gushed from the tap.
The company was situated right in the center of town.
The food shortage were magnified by the drought.
His statement perplexed his colleagues.
You can stay here if you want.
She obliterated the previous record by, I think, more than 14 seconds.
It could start a chain reaction.
My dog loves lying on the rug in front of the fire.
I was hoping she might show a little compassion.
That's got to be him.
She is admired for her generosity.
We're working together, why not break bread together?
"Please send my best to Sally." - "I certainly will do that."
My evidence puts him in your car.
"Get'im."
"I'll meet'er."
"Ice'em."
The first scene was performed in mine.
They were intimidated into accepting a pay cut by the threat of losing their jobs.
The campaign of violence and intimidation against them intensifies daily.
Everyone has his or her own opinion.
Everyone has their own opinion.
Aid agencies are warning of a possible famine, still cut off by insecurity.
20 million people face starvation unless a vast emergency aid program is launched.
You can make a fresh start anytime you want to change something.
He writes about people who are savage and cruel.
To be honest, the book was a teensy bit dull.
I called her by the name of his first wife, which was a bit of a howler.
I suggest studying English.
I want to dance.
Both said they will work towards peace between North and South Korea and complete denuclearization of North Korea.
You don't think there's something off about them?
The dog cowered in the corner, realizing she's done something wrong.
The captain wrote about the treachery and betrayal of his crew.
I asked an eminent actuary the other day to make some calculations,
I don't believe he is a vicious dog.
I am against a tax exemption for private school.
The performers displayed their multitudinous talents.
It comes out even after all ups and downs.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't you the one who pushed this?
Players catch, train and battle other Pokemon creatures in this game using augmented reality.
23 years of marriage just down the tubes.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Some people say that capital punishment act as a deterrent.
He claimed that police officer tasered him without justification.
We have a leaky faucet in the bathroom sink.
There are allegations that the Assad government is targeting some of its civilians with poisonous gas attack.
This is the captain. Brace for impact!
Brace, brace, brace... Heads down, stay down.
We said our sad farewells and got on the bus.
Many children have been maimed for life by these bombs.
A small boy was mauled by the neighbor's dog.
Where'd the heck she go?
He can speak French and German, to say nothing of English.
If we don't cut down the budget for the project, we'll go bankrupt!
The picnic was called off because of the rain.
The meeting has been put off to Friday.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
Without code for medical error, the problem cannot be studied or corrected.
If anyone finds out about this, I am dead meat.
Keep your option alive and don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
Can you think of a ward that rhyme with "orange"?
Smith was the commandant of cadets.
Curiosity as to the place was its utmost stretch, but our ignorant bumpkin could tell nothing about it.
"Wash your hand - they're filthy!"
Is the picture always fuzzy on your TV?
It was scorching hot inside the greenhouse.
Few plants can grow in such a frigid environment.
Complementary delousing once a month... Don't lose your key.
Greasy wall... Rickety bed... Crazy neighbors... I love it!
May I drive your car?
Could I drive your car?
It's a way to forget the blackouts, the bomb, the violence.
It's crunch time.
I could do with a break.
Of those, more than 80,000 are in danger of extinction.
I will bare my teeth to anyone who tries to take away my land.
I was starting to get a bit flabby around my waist.
The study claims that British advertising stereotypes women.
The information in the docket was searchable by keyword.
City Hall is right up my tail(ass) to find them.
Lying is always wrong no matter what the circumstances.
In my day, we had to remember phone number.
It was clear that they had not acted in violation of the rules.
This drug reduces mucus production in the gut.
Are your customers aware they're getting snot and mucus with their cookies and cream?
I can let you off with a warning if you glove those trunks.
I'd lose my head if it weren't attached to my neck.
The car zoomed by.
The phone rang.
She snapped her fingers.
It also argued that EU leaders are not accountable to the British government or its citizens.
If their secrets get too big, killing him may be the cost of doing business.
It's true. Take it from me.
My brother and I went to the White House.
The president waved at my brother and me.
I think that it is inevitable that there will need to be some regulation.
We have an issue. We've been hacked!
He lived in dreadful squalor despite having a small fortune the bank.
I don't think I'd have the guts to say that to his face.
He's a sly old devil - I wouldn't trust him with my money.
Look at you, you're a mess.
You worked hard for this promotion, you deserve it.
The mechanic jacked up the car in order to change the tyre.
The transaction was 3,000 pounds sterling.
Much empirical evidence suggests global warming is a man-made problem.
In 1975, the UK held a referendum on EU membership.
Levels of carbon dioxide have increased dramatically in developing countries.
The sailing boat's hull was made of wooden planking.
Managerial staff are not paid overtime.
The engineer read the product specifications with interest.
Overseas tax compliance is a major issue for multinational companies.
King George VI spoke with a very pronounced stammer.
The escaped criminal seemed like an ordinary bloke.
NASA astronauts are now training in flight simulators.
She took out the lights.
My dad's so uncool.
Many companies must show more accountability to their customers.
The lawyer was surprised at the boy's low cognitive ability.
Wembley Stadium in England is a famous live show venue.
The employee showed great willingness to learn new skills.
Few employees had the gall to contradict their boss.
Vatican City is autonomous from the Italian government.
The visitor parking lot is adjacent to the main building.
The judge ordered a psychiatric examination of the accused.
Washing machines are available in two configurations; top-loading and front-loading.
The area around the river was rich in vegetation.
The city's infrastructure cannot support large housing projects.
The committee was dubious about the project from the outcast.
Wearing a white gown is the norm for brides.
The lawyer carefully examined the credibility of the evidence.
The deer is indigenous to the western half of North America.
Before we commit ourselves to a nationwide sales campaign, let's test the water locally first and see what kind of response we get.
Now Reich is leading a campaign for Britain to take in thousands of unaccompanied Syrian refugee children from across Europe.
We could always use a man like you, Nathan. Educated, war veteran, clean record.
Bill still harbors a grievance against employers for not promoting him.
If you have a grievance, you may contest your citation in traffic court.
Stop in the name of the law.
I've been working for this my whole life.
The current owner might have first dibs on buying the rest of property.
Pardon my ignorance, but what exactly is ergonomics?
Did you see those leopard print jeggings?
"I need you to come over." - "I can't make it."
The proposal was not viable because of its expense.
Morale among the shop floor workers was low.
The pro-democracy movement began to gain momentum.
The professor's research methodology was questionable.
Blood is made up of several different constituents.
Only a few peripheral details remained to be decided.
The oasis was nothing but an optical illusion.
A mason was employed to carve the tombstone.
A cult group claimed responsibility for the attacks.
A Europe-based consortium bought out the struggling advertising agency.
The company was notorious for its poor quality control. 
The transit of Venus across the Sun is a rare event.
The artist enjoyed the patronage of several wealthy businessman.
Global warming is undermining the plant's health.
The farmer's livestock were grazing on the hillside.
The satellite was lost in the void of space.
Many experts questioned whether the government's plan was feasible.
Reconciliation with former enemies seems to be a part of Obama's trip to Asia.
Maybe he can give me a couple pointers, because I want to be an actor when I grow up.
The ads were trying to incite public opinion against government.
The noise of the explosion sent everyone scurrying back into their homes.
She has voted to increase wildlife protection from endangerment.
The city's museums are filled with moldy old collections.
I hate to disagree with you, but those aren't onion.
He gave a lecture on crop and animal husbandry.
Why anyone buys music with such stupid lyrics is a mystery.
I want to become a florist.
Several officers were arrested for insubordination.
He's under the delusion that he will be promoted this year.
You're a former meter maid with delusions of grandeur.
All her hard work paid off in the end, and she finally passed the exam.
It's great to be in a classroom where the kids are jazzed about learning.
The country's foreign minister said that it was important for small nations to stick together.
You strike out, you resign.
I still mess up but I'll just start again.
I really need to hit the ground running to make a living.
I don't think he will give in to your request if you keep pestering him.
Life isn't some cartoon musical where you sing a little song and your insipid dreams magically come true! So let it go.
I hope you didn't stake your career on cracking this one.
I make two hundred bucks a day.
Move along! There is nothing to see here.
Her bed is covered with stuffed animals.
We'll have to do this the hard way.
Did you just boot my stroller?
He was convicted of a felony.
The former accountant was charged with multiple counts of tax evasion.
Unfortunately, lying on a federal form is a punishable offense. Five years jail time.
"Well, it's my word against yours." - "Actually, it's your word against yours."
The police are following a promising lead.
Unless you study, you won't understand grammar.
We need to hurry. Otherwise, we'll miss the train.
You can go out, as long as you're back by 9 p.m.
That meeting ended a momentous visit to Vietnam.
There is a stark difference between the two countries.
Many fossils could be found in the limestone layer.
The couple's baby was three weeks premature.
You're going to be stuck inside this cat until you make things right.
The species is facing an imminent danger of extinction.
The Internet marked the advent of a new age.
The student gave a plausible reason for arriving late.
The delicate child was prone to catch colds.
The old lady was instructed to be wary of theft.
He felt surge of joy when he heard his family were safe.
I wouldn't be caught dead wearing such a thing.
Its goal is to discover if there is alien life in space.
They tracked you. We got to move.
I'm gonna hit the pause button right there, cause we're all good on Bunny Scouts cookies.
He may have frequented this establishment.
Restaurant hygiene is an important issue for public health.
Some of London's sewage system is over 100 years old.
The vaccine remains potent for several years.
Surveillance cameras line the streets of London.
The public were skeptical of the official news media.
The reservoir ran completely dry during the dry weather.
This fabric is made of synthetic silk.
I'd appreciate it if you would agree to my plan.
I'd appreciate that more that you can image.
There's no shame in calling it quits.
That's weird - I thought I left my keys on the table but they're not there.
Same dude just asked me if I knew you.
Nangi has a mind like a steal trap.
"So how much the party last night?" - "Oh, it was great - we had a ball!"
Some moron smashed into the back of my car yesterday.
She bate him adieu and left.
Is he up to the task?
You can't keep me on the hook forever.
The car accident was caused by defective brakes.
Major demographic changes occurred due to immigration reform.
Many pubs in the UK are owned by breweries.
The professor decided to opt for early retirement.
Some people tell outright lies to support their positions.
We can learn a lot about the vocabulary from a corpus.
Not all psychologists believe that there is a maternal instinct.
The communal facilities in the building were low-quality.
Workers were asked to bring their own mug to work.
Admittedly, wars are still happening in many part of the world.
Overseas students are exempt from paying tax.
It was the environmentalist's contention that global warming was irreversible.
Success of the fireworks party was contingent on the weather.
Don't you think we should tell him what we've found.
The lady filled her shopping trolley with food.
Children are especially susceptible to colds this time of year.
The police uncovered a sinister plot to overthrow the government.
Her family all live in close proximity to each other.
The local football team is poised to win the championship.
All medicines are subjected to rigorous tests before approval.
Not everyone is wired for what you're about to do.
Asthma causes many people to have severe breathing difficulties.
The Cayman Island is a well-known offshore tax haven.
The failure provided the impetus for a new approach.
The circle has a radius of 15 centimeters.
Language is intrinsic to human beings.
The players swapped their uniforms with their opponents.
The union members gradually became more militant.
Freedom of information is sometimes incompatible with the right to privacy.
You need something done, he's on it.
Way to hustle, bud. I love ya! I owe ya!
Apple and other tech companies want strong encryption to protect their customers.
"Cool?" - "No, it's not cool."
I feel comfortable with you.
The rule mandates that test takers present a valid passport.
Dark matters is the most elusive substance of all.
The brain interprets sensory information to perceive reality.
The company created a glossy brochure for publicity purpose.
Many countries have banned corporal punishment in schools.
Cheddar is a generic term for a number of cheeses.
Many people were surprised by his outrageous behavior.
This football team has legions of supporters.
Freedom of speech is of paramount importance in the country.
The terrain of Hokkaido is more hilly than mountainous.
The project was dissolved without producing any tangible results.
The judge issued a definitive ruling on the case.
It is imperative that all workers refrain from smoking here.
Many cave paintings are decorated with strange geometric shapes.
The construction of the highway is underway.
This is a witch hunt like nobody's ever seen before.
I've lost direction, I think...
This is not a good solution. It might be OK for them.
I will betcha you don't have a warrant to get in.
Darn it. It's a bummer.
I would never impede your pretend investigation.
Now, since you're sans warrant, I guess we're... done?
The thing is, you don't need a warrant if you have probable cause.
There's a couple of shifty-looking people standing on the street corner.
There are plenty of lowlifes out there, ready to take advantage of unsuspecting senior citizens.
She patted the dog's velvety ears.
Oh, sweet cheese and crackers.
People were sent out to snoop on rival business.
I will take your kindness and pay it forward.
She ripped up his letters and burned the pieces.
He scared my driver half to death and disappeared into the night.
The machine suffered from periodic breakdowns.
The sculpture had been carved from a block of granite.
The opera singer has a large repertoire of songs.
The temporal lobe is one of the brain's four lobes.
A temporary bridge was rigged up across the river.
Previous election in the country have been rigged by the ruling party.
The government's radical policies brought about a paradigm shift.
The stormy weather did not deter us from going out.
The police were accused of manipulating the witness.
It is pointless to keep fighting when you know you can't win.
The window's children were a great consolation to her.
This new plastic is very versatile.
People should be more discreet when criticizing other people.
Research shows that stress affects the neural system.
The clock had an intricate mechanism.
The questionnaire attracted over 1,000 respondents.
Solar panels are used to harness the sun's energy.
It is dangerous to invest in stocks under volatile political situation.
I have no intention of accepting such a proposal.
Daesh is responsible for genocide against groups in areas under its control.
"You in?" - "Always"
During the Stone Age flint was used to make tools.
The United Nations imposed sanctions against South Africa in 1977.
Pharmaceutical research requires both money and time.
The museum's curators were all specialists in art.
The students were unable to answer without recourse to dictionaries.
Visibility became extremely low in the fog.
Australia is well-known for its abundance of iron ore.
The policy was designed to promote social cohesion.
A sizable majority voted in favor of the motion.
Tuition fees at private universities are usually very high.
The pain from arthritis worsened as the patient grew older.
Our upbringing affects the way we view our world.
To be frank with you, I'm not interested in your business.
Do you know anywhere I can blow up my bicycle tire?
Our car broke down and we had to push it off the road.
She's just broken up with her boyfriend.
We decided to tie the knot after 3 years of going out with each other.
John and Mary have broken up.
John ditched Mary.
The U.S. economy has been resilient in the face of shocks.
I think there's much more to you than meets the eye.
There was more to that suitcase than meet the eye.
Hold on, I'll check in my diary.
You seem a little tense.
I'm just gonna give you a little personal space.
Two loads of cloth were dispatched to the factory on 12th December.
Hold on tight and don't let go.
I need to go back over the presentation to get it right.
Stacy backed up of the competition at the last minute.
The building fire set back the development several months.
During the meeting, Judy came back to her earlier point.
Let's back up for a minute.
With the city back in Syrian hands, a restoration team is ready to begin rebuilding.
Over the last 10 months, ISIS has looted graves, plundered antiquities, and dynamited shrines and temples.
You're a legend! Folks wonder why you left.
I'll make a deal with you - you wash the car and I'll let you use it tonight.
Never let them see that they get to you.
It's no wonder that she needed to get help from a fox.
Traffic congestion is a major issue in big cities.
Many factory workers were bored by their repetitive jobs.
Metal is more brittle when it is cold.
The stars were visible through a rift in the clouds.
There was a tall fence surrounding the perimeter of the prison ground.
Flying fish can remain airborne for over 40 seconds.
The doctor injected the husband's sperm into the wife's egg.
The soldiers fired a barrage of shots at their enemies.
It is ludicrous to take the examination without any preparation.
Bear in mind that most jobs have their mundane aspects.
Sales increased against the backdrop of an economic recovery.
The police retrieved a weapon from the pond.
The current market conditions are transient and will change soon.
The actual building was different from what the architect envisaged.
The process of language acquisition is a continuum.
Don't worry. It's nothing serious.
He's trying to scrape together enough money to buy a computer.
My brother joined the local Boy Scout troop.
I found paw print in the kitchen.
Medieval knights took an oath to loyalty to their lord.
Dangerous dogs should be muzzled.
The water will go up to the rim of the bath when you get in.
There was nothing sneaky about this.
Make sure you give me the keys back when you've finished.
The president and his entourage took a brief walk throughout the rain-soaked streets of Havana's old Town Sunday night; a fitting kick off to the historic state visit.
"It's time for you to learn what you can do." - "But I'm just ordinary."
The radical philosopher was accused of using a perverse logic.
After the floods, a residue of mud lay in the streets.
The great earthquakes caused an exodus of people from the area.
Wedge-shaped letters are among the earliest forms of writing.
The caretaker's salary was a meager 100 per week.
The winter began with a bout with freezing weather.
The band's music fuses blues with rock.
Studying abroad entails enduring a bit of culture shock.
The research continued at a leisurely pace.
The company's computer systems were not fully operative.
The monks began to sing an early morning chant.
Be careful not to put too much yeast in when you bake bread.
Cosmic noise refers to radio waves from outer space.
There was a discrepancy between the suspect's and victim's accounts.
Queen Victoria was also the Empress of India.
His athletic feats were truly remarkable.
The comedian's racial jokes aroused distaste in the audience.
I can't believe this. It's too good to be true.
I never get to do anything this important.
Oh, I'm more of a glorified secretary.
How dare you say such a thing.
We're lost - We'll have to turn back.
So, Apple's designers came up with a revolutionary touch technology.
We need to find out what these newcomers' intentions are.
New York is very hot and humid in the summer.
Cod is the traditional choice for fish and chips.
The ultrasound scan showed the baby in the womb.
The huge dictionary was hailed as a monumental achievement.
The company recruited many employees of high caliber.
The gardener set the pile of dry leaves alight.
The media was relentless in criticizing the prime minister.
A mole raised its head from behind the mound.
The player showed off his lightning fast reflexes.
Food shortage were a major catalyst in the revolution.
The museum had many priceless scrolls from antiquity.
The parcel was delivered quickly by courier.
Smoked herring with lemon juice is an appetizing French starter.
The student reverted to her bad old habits.
The word "home" has a special resonance in English.
The vice-president acted as a proxy for his chief.
The fine porcelain mugs shattered when they hit the floor.
Many part-time jobs are precarious.
I'm confident of their success.
Do you have any thoughts about what we should do?
Critics say Myanmar will continue to be tainted by allegation of cronyism and corruption.
You know how word travels in this town.
The businessman was a benevolent man, donating millions of pounds to charity.
Ingenuity is key to the development of new technology.
The actor has a low and vibrant voice.
Most people enjoy the aroma of fresh coffee.
The enormous earthquake caused havoc across the area.
Many middle-aged workers feel insecure about their pension.
The politician's family was of good pedigree.
He tried hard to emulate his father's success.
The rabbits escaped into their burrow.
Freshwater dolphins are nearly extinct.
The canals were mainly used by barges.
No software may be duplicated without permission from the author.
The atlas encompassed maps of most countries.
The carpenter used a strong adhesive to fix the chair.
The musical was a phenomenal hit.
Have you met Jack's new missus?
He's in no rush to get home to the missus.
He went off the rails in his first year at university.
I get a kick out of his sense of humor.
A message with signs of misogyny appeared on his Facebook page before the crime.
I'm actually white collar crime.
The global spread of English threatens many vernacular languages.
Somebody was moving behind the opaque window.
Beacons were lit to celebrate the arrival of peace.
They ate at a chic little restaurant.
Just before dawn, the enemy onslaught began.
Some perennial plants live for many years.
The child refused to abide by the rules.
The man's job was to oversee the factory workers.
This tree provides a high-quality resin.
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.
The advertisement was little more than hype.
The board members have disparate views on how to handle the problem.
The elderly woman's health began to degenerate rapidly after the operation.
The report cited horrific atrocities committed by violent radicals in Africa.
You're not really my cup of tea.
Can I take a look at your hand? Are you hurt?
Security personnel need to be more vigilant in checking bags and packages.
The horse had to spend several months in quarantine when it reached Britain.
In 1991, the British government made it mandatory to wear rear seatbelts Britain.
5000 people held an anti-nuclear rally.
The text is marred by careless errors.
It would be irresponsible to ignore these warning.
With all due respect, Sir, I cannot agree with your last statement.
His wife admired his uncompromising attitude.
The walls were painted a drab brown.
Perhaps he was a fish in a previous incarnation.
The lawyer invoked a little known law.
The other boys admired his prowess at rugby.
Some birds can make tools by nipping and cutting.
He felt deeply ambivalent towards his father.
The camp was surrounded by barbed wire.
Italics are often used to denote foreign word.
The campus has many amenities.
This lemon juice should be diluted with water.
She wore a flimsy dress of silk.
Many readers liked his idiosyncratic style.
She pored over the old newspapers looking for the article.
Courtship rituals vary according to cultural norms.
His high marks bolstered his confidence.
How far the president will be able to translate his campaign rhetoric into action remains to be seen.
Somebody got the better of us.
The flower were drooping in the heat.
"I like Tom. He is smart and handsome." - "Speak of devil, here comes Tom."
That time, I had arrived home right on time.
I'll be darned.
I'm filled with self-doubt.
The war raged on, unchecked by the UN's efforts to stop it.
What the dickens are you doing with that paint?
He doesn't drink alcohol on account of his poor health.
People in the church started speaking in tongues.
What's that horrible smell?
Recently, I haven't been playing basketball.
He's lagging behind a bit - I think we'd better wait for him to catch up with us.
At the moment our technology is more advanced, but other countries are catching up with us.
Sorry, I can't put you through to the boss now, he will call you back.
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse.
Diligent students tend to achieve academic success and the converse is also true.
There has been a backlash against liberalism in the country recently.
He belonged to a nomadic tribe of herdsmen.
She suffered from swollen glands in her neck.
My stay at the hotel was a very pleasurable experience.
The handsome stranger intrigued her.
The country's unemployment rate has reached an astronomical level.
The runners flexed their legs before the race.
The physicist could not verify his claims.
There was a small flaw in the lens of the camera.
Certain diseases have been eradicated by science.
They were wealthy Indians from an upper caste.
His argument seemed rather tenuous.
Harrison remains in the hospital where the medical staff monitors him for a possible rejection of the new issue, which is common after transplant surgeries.
This president is going to have to deliver, and we're going to hold his feet to the fire until he does.
The box contained an assortment of cakes.
In the UK, buns are often eaten at Eastern.
Chemicals were used to disperse the oil.
Freud explored the depths of the human psyche.
They began the arduous task of cleaning up.
The detectives tried to elicit a confession from the man.
On a whim, she entered the museum.
In its heyday, the British Empire spanned approximately 11 million square miles.
Firefighters evacuated the occupants of the flats.
Their spending on rent was disproportionately large.
A colossal statue of the leader was put up.
People have many erroneous belief about science.
The dictionary ushered in a new age of technology.
The weather forecast says that the weather will be murky.
The effects of the medicine were instantaneous.
They announced a project to reclaim land from the sea.
The teacher showed some footage from an old news film.
Small low-cost airline have concerned the market in cheap flights.
I'll buzz you when it's done.
Older cars will begin to rust.
It would take a miracle to get this rust bucket going.
We kinda got a situation at the lab... Oh! It just got worse.
Did you cross her name off the guest list?
Cheetahs are mainly found in Africa.
After his speech he faced a hail of questions from reporters.
The vote rescinds zoning decisions made earlier in the decade.
Incoming flights are being delayed because of weather.
We gotta get to the ZPD. Cut through the Natural History Museum!
Alcohol can cause harm to fetus.
He deduced the height of the intruder from the footprint.
They used infrared light to see in the dark.
They had an uncanny ability ability to guess people's thoughts.
The old clock contained a large pendulum.
The local economy has been stagnant for years.
An observatory was built on the top of the mountain.
The painter always use delicate hues.
Paris is famous for its beautiful boulevards.
The managers discussed how to deploy the salesmen.
They used some boulders to block the stream.
Never begin sentences with a conjunction like "and" and "but".
He wrote a famous treatise on ethics.
Ultraviolet light can be used to kill germs.
He used his house as collateral for the loan.
The hay was stored as fodder for the cattle.
The slight filled him with revulsion.
The Greeks invented sewers; the Romas invented a water system.
Some Republican presidential hopefuls say they want to do away with the so-called birthright citizenship.
I'm not the one that needs to watch their back.
There's a lot more at stake than you see in this image!
It's the holy grail of not just Western photography, it's the holy grail of photography.
He claimed he'd been framed by the police.
He's spend most of his life behind bars.
Oliver masterminded the takeover of his top business competitor.
Former mayor Dawn Bellwether is behind bars today, guilty of masterminding the savage attack that have plagued Zootopia of late.
Doctors say that the Night Howler antidote is proving effective in rehabilitating the afflicted predators.
Someone's darting predators with a serum.
Uh, you know what, I think Nick and I will just take this to the ZPD.
You are predisposed to developing heart disease.
I'll dart every predator in Zootopia to keep it that way.
The directors milked the company of several million dollars.
Thank you, yackety-yak! You laid it all out beautifully.
The claim turned out to be more conjecture.
The men heaved the huge rock out of the way.
Many people mistrusted the official media.
Tired out, he flopped onto the sofa.
Despite his painstaking work, mistakes remains.
After a fierce battle, the town was recaptured.
The city government ordered the house demolished.
The boy dismantled his bike and cleaned it throughly.
Carbon dioxide emissions are considered one of the main culprits of global warming.
Fish return to the river to spawn eggs.
His aptitude for chess appeared early.
He entertained us with anecdotes from his school days.
Among all domesticated animals, goats probably have the most going for them.
Goats have small, tuffs of hair on the lower part of the face.
Goatee also involved men wearing a mustache.
People who study languages for a living have a name for it - folk etymology. Another term for it is an urban legend.
Attempts to restrict parking in the city center have further aggravated the problem of traffic congestion.
The negative reply to my complaint really irked me.
The issue looks likely to continue to vex the government.
It really gets my goat when she makes a mess at the coffee machine.
As soon as they met they started to rub each other up the wrong way.
One pet peeve of mine is when one person takes up two seats on a crowded train.
Please stop making that noise! It really gets on my nerves.
Is it a big deal? No, but it gets my goat, nonetheless.
It was a classic "doing the wrong thing for the right reason" kind of a deal.
Turns out, real life is a little bit more complicated than a slogan on a bumper sticker.
Align yourself with people who think the glass is half full.
We try to understand one another, the more exceptional each of us will be.
She implored her parents not to send her away to school.
They spent much money publicizing the event.
The old man said the secret to longevity is to laugh often.
He could hear rats squeaking in the roof.
The garden was full of deer droppings.
He had to solve many weighty problems.
There were only remnants of his former home left.
Most of the immigrants had been assimilated.
He loved her carefree attitude to life.
The financial crisis necessitated immediate action.
Government spending was constrained by the recession.
He was a good scholar but a mediocre teacher.
The book contained a glossary of technical terms.
His behavior was censured by his colleagues.
Three climbers died in the avalanche.
He received a jolt when the train stopped.
A hypothesis is refuted when evidence disagrees with it.
The goalkeeper deflected the ball with one hand.
She always carried her prayer beads with her.
Many said the new bride looked radiant.
I'm stepping up! You want to get big?
The stricter he was, the more recalcitrant his son became.
The immigrant workers faced much adversity.
Environmental problems often transcend national borders.
His followers dubbed him "the Chief".
The clinic is affiliated with a university hospital.
The exhibition attracted an unparalleled number of visitors.
His tiredness impaired his ability to think logically.
The opposition parties denounced the election as a fraud.
The invading army looted the palace.
The project was jeopardized by government cuts.
Problem after problem ensured.
He wrote a grimace of pain on his face.
There was no entry on the writer in the encyclopedia.
Enticed by the smell of coffee, he entered the cafe.
The puddles quickly evaporated in the heat.
The resourceful boy used his handkerchief to bandage his injured leg.
Potatoes contain a lot of starch.
The first definition of "bandwidth" is the range of frequencies within a given band.
When you have lots of bandwidth, you can deal with anything life throws at you.
I'm up to my neck with work.
Money is an all-consuming passion with them.
We've been swamped with emergencies today.
The party is next month. So, time is running out.
Tell me about it! So, please understand if I don't have the bandwidth right now.
Sounds like someone is out of patience as well as bandwidth.
Accusation that Russia has for years been conducting a state-supported doping program in athletics.
He's damaged goods, but he's manageable.
Many teenagers feel alienated from society.
The new statue was unveiled by the mayor.
Experts feared the volcano would erupt.
There was a misconception that he was from Cambridge University.
The explosion shattered every pane of glass.
There was an insect larva on the leaf.
The escaped soldiers were given sustenance by the villagers.
After the summer, the ground was parched.
The cook sifted the flour for a cake.
The army toppled the civilian government.
His parents concurred with his decision.
Pretenders to leadership always attract attention by highlighting problems.
Wind and waves eroded the cliffs over a long period of time.
He was an unyielding critic of the government.
She did her best to enlighten people about the danger.
Insulating one's home can lead to lower fuel bills.
The orchestral instruments were amplified through giant speakers.
The cake requires five egg yolks.
The deal has countries updating their emissions figures and their commitments every 5 years.
Niles can you get her digits?
Most non-regular soldier were demobilized at the end of the war.
The comedian improvised a few jokes.
Overwork aggravated his health problems.
Gymnastics was a popular subject with boys.
She smothered the strawberries with cream.
The flower's petals contained a tint of purple.
Various heavy law tomes sat on his desk.
The downside of the plan was its great expense.
He was known as a doctor of good repute.
The school had a policy of empowering female students.
He unleashed his fury at his assistant.
The long leaves tapered to a point.
The novel culminated in a passionate love scene.
Taking the passport, the official scrutinized it closely.
The old couple lived a very frugal life.
This recipe can serve four easily, and the leftovers are just as good eaten cold.
Many colonial families got through cold winters by keeping their meat supplies in a barrel filled with salted water, or brine.
So, hitting the bottom of the barrel means you will probably have to settle for a less desirable option.
When nothing else is available or works, we simply choose the last resort.
We are really scraping the bottom of the literary barrel with these choices.
If we've reached the bottom of the barrel, I might as well enjoy it!
"Tears of Joy" was the most used emoji in 2015.
This isn't what we signed up for!
The dissident was rehabilitated by a court.
He inverted the table in order to fix it.
The garage was filled with exhaust fumes.
The herb was used to treat many different ailments.
A his income dwindle, he cut his spending.
The children gaped at the lion.
The neglected child had been poorly socialized.
The businessman had amassed a large fortune.
He had many shortcomings as a father.
A tall post had been embedded in the ground.
Deluded by his promises, she lent him the money.
Power in the state was highly centralized.
Earthworms are necessary to put oxygen into the soil.
The building had a beautiful Renaissance facade.
Overstating one's case is rarely effective.
He seared his hands fighting the fire.
Government policies actually retarded economic development.
She moistened the cloth and wiped the table.
The captain ordered his men to submerge the submarine.
He tried to agitate his fellow workers to strike.
He was inaugurated as the first president of the country.
Settlers rapidly populated the area.
He tried to kindle the driftwood into a fire.
They used the river to irrigate their fields.
He was besieged with requests for his autograph.
Everyone was mystified by the chairman's statement.
The flowers were fertilized by bees.
An ugly modern building disfigured the old square.
He was astounded to find his wife in the bar.
There has been a natural seesaw pattern of climate change.
He entangled his legs in the rope and fell over.
The immigrants were victimized by the police.
The report exonerated the crew from all responsibility for the collision.
Travis, swallow your pride... Because that's all any woman wants.
This is clearly the worst drought in California history.
You are playing with fire!
Orphans can often feel alone in the world. There is no adult to claim them, so to speak.
Our attempt to start a new company was complete bust.
They always want to be on the right side of history.
The new statue in the park is talk of the town.
Oh, I knew it would fail. It was doomed from the very beginning.
Success of the most famous Founding Fathers are George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, John Adams and Benjamin Franklin.
Alan Newell was the founding father of artificial intelligence.
He provide no money to help to raise his children. He is a deadbeat dad.
Being transgender is like walking around silently crying unless you have an opportunity to express yourself.
Now he's just showing off.
I could feel his malevolent gaze as I walked away.
Reading should be an adventure, a personal experience full of serendipitous surprises.
The timing of the meeting is certainly fortuitous.
Sam is a confirmed bachelor.
His gold signet ring bears a star, taken from his family's coat of arms.
You chose exactly the same wallpaper as us - what a coincidence.
Why not use my car? You'll fit more in.
What an amazing story of serendipity.
But some business owners are concerned that wealth buyers will gentrify the area.
"Make them play!" - "Not going up there to make friends."
It was not a big surprise when the company went under a few month later.
They dove right into the pizza the minute it was served.
Two friends dive into a new business headfirst.
Diving boards are a kind of springboard, so they are springy.
Using his daughter's case as jumping-off point, he described a justice system that ignores the rights of the victim.
He told me that this job was only a springboard to a better position.
Sometimes, a news agency is able to do a deep dive on issues that people really care about.
The suffering of the thousands of migrants traveling through the Balkans is likely to worsen.
She's gotta be scared out of her mind.
If you are wrestling with someone and twist their arms, your opponent may likely give up.
I wanted to look people in the eye and tell them I made a mistake.
The court heard that the six defendants had been coerced into making a confession.
He used strong-arm methods to get what he wanted.
You may want to try a more subtle method of persuasion.
She put the squeeze on her mother for a hundred bucks.
You get more bees with honey than vinegar.
Perhaps you could coax your friend into taking you to the station.
I didn't want to go but Linda twisted my arm.
The vote was won only as the result of much arm-twisting by the government.
U.S. gasoline prices are at the lowest level in years, thanks to falling crude oil prices.
Justice is about to be served.
People who like camping like roughing it.
They don't mind leaving their creature comforts at home.
Some people are attracted by the glamour of working in television.
We went to this fabulous resort with these yurts.
I would much rather go glamping with you.
You have your feet in both camps.
She was ill so I sent her some flowers to cheer her up.
Why don't you come by for a while after dinner?
It's quite common for children to dream about animals.
I've always dreamed of being an artist.
Instead of taxing or banning bags, Daniels think recycling is a better alternative.
We're not giving up!
He was a household name in the 1950s.
The teacher spotlighted a period of ancient history to his students.
The basketball player stole the limelight from her teammates with her amazing three-point shots.
She always likes to take center stage in whatever she does.
No one is supposed to upstage the bride.
Status quo between the Israelis and the Palestinians is not sustainable, and the alternatives to peace are neither acceptable nor viable.
He will stop at nothing until he has this boy.
You can critique it all you want it won't change a thing. It's over.
They tell something truthful, but in a light-hearted, funny way.
This tongue-in-cheek comment from Rogers is as meaningful today as it was when he said many years ago.
At school she had complete contempt for all her teachers.
In this way, tongue-in-cheek humor can be self-deprecating.
Everybody is ignorant only on different subjects.
However, when it comes right down to it, you should not take a tongue-in-cheek comment at face value.
It is clearly a type of music that does not mind poking fun at its own culture and lifestyle.
Thirty years later, the incarceration rate has increased 500 percent.
You got to make your case. Honey, you have to fight it!
For months he spends all day every day getting the shop ready for customers.
The designer pulls out of the project.
There's no need to throw the baby out with the bathwater. Let's keep all things we have already chosen.
The law office had mostly seasoned, professional lawyers.
When I started in this business, I was just a babe in the woods.
Realizing I was the new kid on the block in this job, I was determined to prove myself.
"Really?, I finished mine in a few minutes. It wasn't child's play."
Beating them was the easiest thing in the world - it was like taking candy from a baby.
Whenever I go into a library, I feel like a kid in a candy store.
The ability to keep sources confidential is central to the practice of journalism.
Now, you've come to your senses you're going to march down here and you're going to hand over that noisemaker.
You might need to change your game plan to beat them in sales.
We made an all-out effort to get the project finished on time.
When he's done something wrong, he retreats to his bedroom.
The Air Transport Users Council is the UK's consumer watch dog for the aviation industry.
The clothing company planned a full-cost press to beat its competitors during the profitable Christmas buying season.
The Malaysian Alliance of Hope coalition won a decisive victory.
Let's make it count!
Snow and ice have caused chaos on the roads.
I'm going to hold you in contempt if you continue to pursue this.
OK. Finding in contempt.
You can be really annoying at times, you know.
Physics is completely beyond me.
Where on earth have you been?! I haven't seen you for weeks.
A well-stocked library would most likely be your heaven on earth.
Soldiers who survived the war described it as hell on earth.
She has moved heaven and earth to help this company.
It's hardly earth-shattering news.
She's so down-to-earth and everyone likes her.
He's very grounded even though he has so much money.
She played the part of a flighty, unsuccessful writer.
She is great - a real salt of the earth woman.
He promised me the earth, but all I got is dirt.
But the scope has been limited.
Mr.Matrix, I know it sounds screwy, but someone's calling from the future.
A candidate who flip-flops for political gain usually gives a bad impression.
Jack's done a 180 and agreed to come on the trip.
Figuratively speaking, it was a blow right between the eyes.
Her opinion evolved.
Police dressed in military uniforms with assault weapons and armored combat vehicles fired tear gas to break up demonstration.
Well, so long!
You can also blow your nose when you are sick.
A spy might worry about her cover being blown, especially if she use a false name and a made-up life story.
My father will blow his stack when he sees what happened to the car.
These rude and unappreciated remarks just slipped out when he introduced me.
Call me any time you need to blow off some steam.
The special efforts in this film are pretty mind-blowing.
In your last season, every game you played was a blow out.
You blew your own horn way too much.
We hope that this crisis will soon blow over.
As usual the TV news is blowing the issue all out of proportion.
You're making a big deal out of nothing.
You're making a mountain out of a molehill. You wrote one bad essay - it doesn't mean you're going to fail.
Just blow off his comments, he's only joking.
Glaucoma affects more than 70 million people around the world, according to the World Health Organization.
Excuse me. Party Foul!
When mites get under our skin, they cause itching and great discomfort.
He's been bugging me all morning.
I just tell him that he's obsessed with her.
Can you stop popping your gum? I need to study and it's really annoying.
You're really getting under my skin today. Can you just... be somewhere else?
Sure, anything you say.
Wow, she's really gotten under his skin.
The outfit fits like a second skin.
You do need to be thick-skinned to survive as a politician here.
You have to be careful what you say to thin-skinned people so as not to hurt their feelings.
He has a thick skin. He lets it roll of his back.
The loud voice made me jump out of my skin.
Your brother is just skin and bones - has he been sick?
She got pestered by a creepy cab driver.
Just thinking about the way he had touched her made her skin crawl.
There's a fetal flaw in your reasoning.
She says she's starting to feel more comfortable in her own skin.
Well, beauty is only skin deep.
Protect our people and critical infrastructures in Iraq.
All hands, All hands on deck!
With her husband was away on business, the woman decided to make hay while the sun shone.
Magazines often farm out articles to freelance journalists.
He was cruel to his tenant.
I've had to employ several subcontractors.
The company has given him $25,000 as seed money for further research.
She has really let her house go to seed.
She probably doesn't have time to keep up with the house.
He's come off the tablets because they were making him dizzy.
I hope we attract lots of customers because we've bet the farm on this place.
The short-term political impact could lead to more congressional gridlock on a host of issues.
In spite of his injuries, he bears no animosity towards his attackers.
It's a time bomb!
You can leave the butter out of this recipe if you're on a low-fat diet.
He's still in denial about the break-up of his relationship.
She glued the cup and saucer together as a practical joke.
The children said he was sick but he was only fooling.
I was only fooling.
Stop acting the fool, I'm trying to talk to you.
He's not one to play the fool.
You might want to stop. You are making a fool of yourself.
If a person tries to make a fool of you by yelling at you in public, just walk away.
If you think that you can learn English without practicing, you are really fooling yourself.
We spend the afternoon fooling around on the bench.
Don't fool around with matches.
He's always getting into trouble for fooling around in class.
TESS searches for exoplanets in one piece of the sky before going on to another.
That cable is dangerous. Someone might trip over it.
How did you find out about Best Teacher?
I never found out why he left the company.
The robbers ran away when the security alarm went off.
They tried to shake him down for five bucks.
We strive to ensure that all children are treated equally.
National Gallery of Art associate curator Charles Brock says another goal is to encourage people to visit museums.
These last few years, it's almost like I can feel you holding your breath.
A series of mishaps led to the nuclear power plant blowing up.
It's unfair to take advantage of other people's misfortunes.
The team was snakebit this year, wining only 1 game out of 10.
In the world, there is no such thing as a perfect person.
I've just had a string of bad luck lately.
The children all look very alike.
The baseball pitcher had a bad case of the yips.
They are born under a bad sign.
In astrology, a person's personality is supposed to relate to which star sign they were born under.
Billie Holiday was famous for singing the blues.
I like all sorts of music, Jazz, hip-hop and reggae, to name a few.
Gideon Gray was a jerk who happened to be a fox.
The wealthy merchants typically represented the boroughs and paid much of the taxes.
The country is in a state of political turmoil.
The kitchen's the only place that I've ever felt like I really belonged.
All around life is buzzing.
I overheard a very funny conversation on the bus this morning.
Most often than not, a student will come up with the right answer.
By the time the pilot realized how close the plane was to the building, it was too late to take evasive action.
She's only six, but she already knows about the birds and the bees.
Children often learn about the facts of life from their friends.
"How did you know he was learning?" - "Oh, let's just say a little bird told you."
iPhone users will be able to make secure payments at hundreds of stores.
Doesn't matter. The new vacation will stand on its own.
I don't want to ask the question, but it is the big elephant in the room.
At worst, nuclear war could be unleashed.
They have to listen to us. This is bigger than they are!
Who the heck am I to crush his little dreams?
"Would you like a lift home?" - "No, I'll just take a taxi. Thanks anyway.
She follows Nick and his accomplice to Tundratown, where they create dozen of popsicles.
It's been a really long day.
An investigation by US officials in 2016 proved the objects were smuggled into the United States.
It's not often you get the opportunity to start over with a clean state.
I got into trouble because of English many times.
"You brought the wrong book." - "Okay, my bad. I'll go get it."
Chief Bogo has no other option than give up.
I hate to say this but I can't eat this.
In the winter, drivers need to watch out for icy patches on the roads.
How long have you and your boyfriend been going out together?
They fell out with each other over money.
They fell out but later made up with each other.
A crippling attack of malaria kept him in bed for months.
I say we shut this whole thing down!
Let's not tell the mayor just yet.
That's it for today.
That's a good one.
"How many people will be there?" - "Well, let's see - I think it's about 20."
The president held an emergency meeting to discuss military strategy with the Pentagon.
As Nato allies, we will meet our solemn duty, our Article 5 obligation to our collective defense.
We are really fighting the clock and every minutes counts.
You didn't happen to catch the license number, did you?
I'd be happy to take you back.
That's the spirit.
If only there were a moron around who were up to the task.
If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspire your hope.
You wasted my day on purpose!
Nobody likes a sore loser.
This year, responding to Russia's annexation of Crimea and its invasion of eastern Ukraine will top the agenda.
We're at an extremely delicate time throughout the region certainly in Iraq.
Darn it. It's a bummer.
It's been a long time.
I'll study in America if it's the last thing I do!
She is more hawkish in her views.
To the grief of peace-loving people in the world, more and more European gave up their dovish stance.
The unarmed teenager was shot here by a white police officer, sparking violent protests, looting and vandalism.
Without their noticing, someone is watching Judy and Nick from across the canopy.
Nick and Judy look down at the traffic and suddenly come up with an idea!
What's wrong with this computer?
Here's the thing, Chief. You gave her the 48 hours so, technically, we still have 10 left.
So, if you'll excuse us, we have a very big lead to follow and a case to crack.
"I'm sure he'll pass the exam." - "I doubt it."
Scientist Eric Jarvis formed a hypothesis that molecules guide brain connection that create paths to the voice box.
It scheduled a referendum for later this month.
I'm more of a glorified secretary.
Well, look at you, Junior Detective.
I was impressed by your speech.
In the last year, nearly 50,000 children from Central America have been apprehended.
Her arrival has cast a very long shadow.
We still don't know, but it may have something to do with biology.
These predators may be reverting back to their primitive, savage ways. Seriously??
Stick to your own kind!
It would seem you've arrived.
"Mr. Tanaka said he wanted to quit his job." - "I knew it. He didn't seem to enjoy it."
The ringleaders of the plot were arrested and punished.
We must respect the rights of sovereign nations to conduct their own affairs.
Certain people always want to maintain the status quo.
Our objection is clear and that is to degrade and destroy ISIL.
EU has frozen the assets of some former Ukrainian officials.
In a matter of seconds, the cops arrive and Bellwether is arrested.
Well, I can cross that off the bucket list.
I'll go ahead and I'll take that case now.
I know I shouldn't eat too much, but I can't help it.
We're on the same team, Judy. Underestimated, underappreciated. Aren't you sick of it.
Wednesday's announcement by US President and Chinese President was significant.
The new ramp will facilitate the entry of wheel chairs.
The National Guard is often activated to assist the US military overseas.
Without specific drugs or a vaccine for Ebola, the only thing doctors can do is treat their symptoms.
We need to bring the 11 million undocumented workers that are currently in this country out of the shadow.
Sometimes children are defiant when they fight going to bed.
We're already crawling in this jalopy as it is.
They finally stopped production of the play because of all the hullabaloo it caused.
We can't leave that little squirrel loose in the city by herself!
We'll never keep up!
We're almost there! Just a little closer...
The brakes are caked up with cement and it's starting to set.
We'll head it off at the pass!
But once a year, the staff pampers the elephants for a week.
I don't think it's such a good job - and that's not just sour grapes because I didn't get it.
Why today of all days.
That carrot was a shoo-in for a blue ribbon.
These people have forfeited the right to live in society.
This calls for good, old fashioned detective work.
She's been voted Best Actress three years in a row.
Give it back now! I mean it.
Those tracks wash away a few feet from your barn.
A red herring's a fake clue that's there to throw us off the trail.
Even if she did, she'd still pay me no mind...
I just wanted to see her smile for a change.
John wanted to date Susan, but she wouldn't even give him the time of day.
The company received a federal grant to step up its work and expedite human testing.
You just need to put yourself out there.
Correct. But our dear friend Ashley twisted my arm.
Dozens of reconnaissance flights are being conducted daily.
You are quite the party animal, aren't you?
He started shouting so I hung up on him.
You haven't gone back on your promise, have you?
She put the fire out by pouring water on it.
Hold on, I'll get you a present.
The criminal was hanged.
Let me speak to Melanie before you hang up.
Do you need the toilet right now or can you hang on for a while?
Nobody will laugh at you for trying.
You cannot confine this conflict to Iraq and Syria.
Right now he's the frontrunner in next month's elections.
When I get home, you can catch me up on all the Bunnyburrow gossip.
You need a day off.
My word, Corny, you have a great image.
A potential refugee crisis is brewing amid shortage of fuel and medicine elsewhere in the country.
But I do have an ace up my sleeve.
There is a small protest over there that looks like it could possibly get out of hand.
Her unruly behavior caused chaos in class.
Doesn't anyone care about the plight of the porcupines?
If they won't give us any attention, then we'll have to take it.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pop the balloon.
Questions from local residents remained unanswered.
When I get upset, I avoid acting out by taking a deep breath and counting to three.
This whole fiasco could have been avoided if you hadn't snacked at your desk?
Finally, I found that important business documents! I'm off the hook!
I want to go out with you. What do you say?
She is a financial analyst.
From the office, it's just a hop, skip and a jump.
I knew she was on to us.
Mind your own business, bunny!
Not everything is as it seems.
I'll give you until Friday to turn it in.
She felt as if she had awakened from a long slumber.
Do you prefer a feather pillow or a foam pillow?
She was the first African-American woman to achieve three-star rank in the US Armed Forces.
Anna does not want to begin looking for a new apartment. So she just kicks the can down the road, every month.
Doctors say young children are the most vulnerable to health problems from family separations.
Congratulation, buddy! You're it!
Their attempt to start a new business didn't pan out.
He thinks he can sit out and still take a slice.
The bank became suspicious after several large withdrawals were made from his account.
Here comes the silent alarm.
That's funny it didn't dial out to nine one one.
As the ship began to tilt, we clung on for dear life.
He's out, right?
Where did you learn to count?
They wired this thing up with like five thousand volts. What kind of banks does that?
Boss told me when the guy was done, I should take him out. One less share, right?
If this Joker guy was so smart, he'd have had us bring a bigger car.
Oh, criminals in this town used to believe in things. Honor... respect. Look at you. What do you believe in, huh?
I believe whatever doesn't kill you simply makes you stranger.
We welcome the emergence of a peaceful, stable, prosperous China.
Wait a minute. You're pulling my leg. There's no such thing as Green Bean Cola.
What are you, superstitious? You got more chance of winning the Powerball than running into him.
Ever intending to see your wife again, lieutenant?
Please, I beg you, get them off.
Buyer beware. I told you my compound would take you places. I never said they'd be places you wanted to go.
Assuming that all goes well, how long is the project expected to take.
"I have decided to buy the car." "That's more like it."
That's not true in my diagnosis.
A group of teenagers were loitering outside the store.
Preliminary runoff election results show him leading by a million votes.
I really painted myself into a corner by leaving this essay till the last minute!
The police are arresting the small-timers when they should be going for the ringleaders.
We'd have to hit all banks simultaneously.
Be hard to keep him out. I hear he's as stubborn as you are.
We swapped addresses with the people we met on holiday.
Whenever you stitch yourself up, you do make a bloody mess.
You ought to be pretty knowledgeable by now, then.
We only went to the party to oblige some old friends who asked us to be there.
Sales of the product have fallen by 42% since copycat versions were launched.
That wasn't exactly what I had in mind when I said I wanted to inspire people.
When the new district attorney hears about this, he'll want in.
Are you interested in his character or his social circle?
Who Rachel spends her time with is her business.
I trust you don't have me followed on my day off.
In the weeks since the game was played, reports of sporadic fighting in Karen state have marred the peace-building process.
The shelter is running a skeleton crew. Only two of us will be there all day.
I know these briefs backwards.
Well, then... fair's fair. Heads, I'll take it. Tails, he's all yours.
I wouldn't leave something like that up to chance.
Teeoff's one thirty. More than enough time to put you away for life.
He's a fall guy. I'm the brains of the organization.
Her parents were openly hostile to me.
If you said you were rattled, we could take the rest of the day off.
We liaise with various agencies.
Save it, Gordon. I wanna meet him.
Official policy is to arrest the vigilante known as Batman on sight.
If you got problems with malfunctioning equipment, I suggest you take them up with Maintenance.
I've put every money launderer in Gotham behind bars... but the Mob is still getting its money out.
Are you gonna count me in?
He had already made his name with his high-risk investment strategies.
You want me to back warrants for search and seizure on five banks without telling me what we're after.
They say charges of vote fraud must be examined and the next president should from a government of national unity.
You sure covered a lot of ground in one meeting.
I speak for the rest of the board, in expressing our own excitement.
I know that Mr.Wayne is curious about how his trust fund gets replenished.
Lau's company has grown by eight percent annually like clockwork.
His revenue stream must be off the books... maybe even illegal.
Is there anything else you can trouble me for?
I'll see what I can do.
This city health inspector's not afraid to pull strings.
Rachel. Fancy that.
As our new DA, you might wanna figure out where your jurisdiction ends.
I'm talking about the kind of city that idolizes a masked vigilante.
Gotham needs heros like you, elected officials... not a man who think he's above the law.
All of us who stood by and let scum take control of our city appointed the Batman.
You either die a hero... or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
Batman is looking for someone to take up his mantle.
Maybe, if I'm up to it.
What if Harvey Dent is the Caped Crusader?
If I were sneaking out every night, someone would've noticed by now.
Well, I'm sold, Dent, and I'm gonna throw you a fundraiser.
I'm not up for reelection for three years.
Despite different views of events that lead to this crisis, the US and Russia agree on importance of finding a diplomatic solution.
He was just trying to muddy the waters.
As you're all aware, one of our deposits was stolen.
If the police were to gain leverage over one of you, everyone's money would be at stake.
What stops them getting to you?
The Chinese will not extradite one of their own.
For obvious reasons, I couldn't wait for your permission. Rest assured, your money is safe.
These cops and lawyers wouldn't dare cross any of you.
Batman has shown Gotham your true color, unfortunately.
Batman has no jurisdiction. He'll find him and make him squeal.
If you're good at something, never do it for free.
The police put the word out that they were looking for him.
I told you to keep me in the loop.
All that was left in the vaults were marked bills.
Well, I must say, compared to your usual requests... jumping out of an airplane is pretty straightforward.
You'll be lighter, faster more agile.
Now, there is a tradeoff. Separation of the plates makes you more vulnerable to knives and gunfire.
How will it hold up against dogs?
She was caught trying to smuggle 26 kilos of heroin out of the country.
Did you think of an alibi?
The idea is to lose the stigma that bicycles still have with many Cubans.
When Olga digs her heels in, there is no changing her mind.
They have been accused of racketeering.
They shared complains over this defect, yet there was no investigation by the government and no recall.
Sound like she is just throwing money at the problem.
He was portrayed in the media as a complete fiend.
Oh. There's only one spot open right now, so we're gonna have tryouts. Make it fast.
I must apologize for leaving Gotham in the middle of our negotiations.
Really? So you're into bullet?
I'll look into the reasons for the decision.
She absconded from boarding school with her boyfriend.
Mr.Lau regrets he is unable to greet you in person today.
I do appreciate you bringing me out here in such style.
I really came to tell you that our business deal has to be put on hold.
I'm sure a businessman of your stature will understand.
A simple phone call might have sufficed.
Lay is holded up in their good and tight.
I had R and D work it up.
It's in place. Mr.Wayne? Good luck.
Rising temperatures will bring more extreme weather, food and water shortages, and irreversible changes to ecosystems.
Better make it a baker's dozen. Your daughter might want an extra one.
The baby had soft chubby cheeks.
This wine goes well with seafood.
She had on a black silk dress.
Some people have really bad taste in clothes.
Her dress goes with her leggings.
If they pooled their money, we can charge them as one criminal conspiracy.
The loan appears not to have been entered in the ledger.
He testified that the store owner had lied when he applied for the state license.
I'm not aware of any participation by the Batman.
How do the defendants plead?
He had been extorting money from the old lady for years.
How did you convince Surrillo to hear this farce?
Don't listen to him. He's just blowing smoke.
The head guys make bail, sure. But the midlevel guys, they can't.
They'll cut deals that include some jail time.
Walking swiftly, he was at the office within minutes.
I'm a man of my word.
I assumed it was your usual reason for socializing beyond myself and the scum of Gotham's underbelly.
I always loved his droll sense of humor.
Police released video footage found concealed on the body.
Sensitive viewers, be aware. The image is disturbing.
Could we reach a consensus on this matter?
Jonathan, I've turned over a new leaf.
Asia is not free from the scourge of poverty.
I was scared stiff during the air raids.
Since she gave up smoking, she's joined the anti-smoking brigade.
You have no idea how difficult she can be.
He is what we call the man of the hour.
I believe that on his watch, Gotham can feel a little sager, a little more optimistic.
To Harvey Dent. Let's hear it for him.
Harvey may not know you well enough to understand when you're making fun of him.
You can throw a party, Wayne. I'll give you that.
Forensics found three sets of DNA.
The police have taken the suspect into custody.
The court awarded custody of the child to the mother.
The revisions begin in 2016 for the 1.5 million students who take the SAT each year.
I have been busy putting out fires!
Gordon. What are you up to?
You're unlikely to discover this for yourself, so... take my word, the police commissioner earn a lot of threats.
That's not a pretty big commitment, if the Mob has their way.
You get to explain to my wife... why I'm late for dinner.
In a bid to stabilize Ukraine's economy, he says the world lending body has agreed to provide up to $18 billion.
"Jonathan, don't be such a penny-pincher!" - "Anna, I have to pinch my pennies... I might've purchased other instruments."
We are not intimidated by thugs.
She was beautiful, like you... who gambles and gets in deep with the sharks.
One day they carve her face. She can't take it.
Now I see the funny side of my scars.
A convoy of trucks containing supplies was sent to the famine area.
But I know the building manager. She pulled some strings and got me in.
The prosecution's over. Nobody's standing up in front of a judge.
He's got any sense, Dent's halfway to Mexico now.
You're due in court. I need you alive long enough to get you on the record.
How long do you calculate you'll last in there?
I knew the Mob wouldn't go down without a fight... but this is different.
You crossed the line first, sir. You squeezed them, you hammered them to the point of desperation.
In their desperation, they turned to a man they didn't fully understand.
They were trying to buy the loyalty of tribal leaders by bribing them with precious stones.
Their caravans were being raided in a forest by a bandit.
I saw a child playing with a ruby... the size of a tangerine.
They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned and negotiated with.
That's brick underneath. You gonna take ballistics off a shattered bullet?
Environmental experts say this precious resource has a limit.
He wouldn't tell me what happened but the look on his face spoke volumes.
The car had been pancaked by the bus.
Now you got the entire R and D department burning through cash.
Let me get this straight. You're dating a guy who'll never marry you?
He spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands.
Your plan is to blackmail this person?
They reengineered the process to reduce bureaucracy.
I'm playing this one pretty close to the chest.
"I'm just annoyed with him because he's behaved so badly." - "Fair enough."
He's done the job badly but, to be fair, I gave him very little time to do it.
The US defense secretary will travel from Hawaii to Japan, which has its own maritime dispute with Beijing.
The doctors say she's on the road to recovery.
I think our friend Kevin is starting to show his true colors.
With no word from the Batman, even as they morn Commissioner Loeb.
These cops have to wonder if the Joker will make good on his threat... in the obituary column.
Road repair work has aggravated the problem of traffic congestion.
I remember when I first took office and I asked if he wanted to study on as commissioner.
I'll agree with you, provided you can help me.
The report does not mince word, describing the situation as "ludicrous".
A number of policies that he enacted as commissioner were unpopular.
As we recognize the sacrifice of this man, we must remember that vigilance is the price of safety.
I'll see you later.
Get out of here.
If there's anything you need, we're here for you.
You brought this craziness on us!
Well, two wrongs do not make a right.
What happens in the next 48 hours in critical.
Half of this materials going to be processed for conversion of biofuel such as ethanol.
I guess I zoned out for a second there. I was thinking about all the trout I hope to catch.
A scientist for the project said it will go where no spacecraft has dare to go before - within the corona of the sun.
You have a big smile on your face! Why are you such a happy camper?
She's just found out about the pay cut and she's not a happy camper.
He vouched for these men.
People are getting wise to the tricks politicians use in campaign advertisement.
Nobody's gonna cross him for you.
Or you can let a couple more people get killed while you make up your mind.
That's why I'm not gonna leave it up to me.
Your stand against organized crime is the first legitimate ray of light in Gotham in decades.
There was sectarian conflict - violent sectarian conflict in Iraq - when there were US troops.
When he was 16 he ran away from home and joined a religious sect.
I know I'll get fired. I can see the writing on the wall.
Get over yourself! Not having the latest cell phone isn't the end of the world.
I'm getting sleepy - I think I'll turn in.
Don't forget to turn in your papers after class.
He said Batman's gonna turn himself in.
You honestly think that's gonna keep the Joker from killing people?
Endure, Master Wayne. Take it. They'll hate you for it, but that's the point of Batman.
He can be the outcast. He can make the choice that no one else can make. The right choice.
Today you get to say, "I told you so".
I suppose they're gonna lock me up as well... as your accomplice.
John wanted to buy a new car, but his wife turned him down.
I cam across an old dictionary in her desk.
We went to the rental shop to rent a car but they let us down.
Please fill in the application form. 
We cannot and will not allow a regime that calls for the destruction of Israel.
My boss is kind of a dictator.
It was a wild goose chase. He wants a big place. She wants a small place.
You'd rather protect an outlaw vigilante than the lives of citizens?
The night is darkest just before the dawn.
One day, the Batman will have to answer for the laws he's broken. But to us... no to this madmen.
So be it. Take the Batman into custody.
They believe that Batman stands for something more important than the whims of a terrorist.
I didn't have time to talk this through with you.
When he attacks, the Batman will take him down.
He's failed so far.
The general served his country honorably for 32 years.
Heads, I go through with it.
The startup of our manufacturing operations in China continues on an accelerated schedule.
So you're giving her the cold shoulder.
Our flight was diverted from San Francisco to Oakland because of the fog.
We're on point, ready to give them a taste of their own medicine.
You can't stop here. We're like sitting ducks.
No, I'm no hero. Gotham's finest, they're heroes.
How does it feel to be the biggest hero in Gotham?
Nothing in his pockets but knives and lint.
He travels under an alias.
You don't have any say in the matter, Commissioner Gordon.
We are also proud that our ticket is in the mainstream of Virginia.
She was quite the social butterfly - moving from one person to the next, laughing and talking all night long!
There are some ambiguities in the legislation.
Sounds like you have spread yourself too thin.
The two leaders signed a peace accord.
I would never have the nerve to talk to a complete stranger like that.
Harvey Dent never mede it home.
Does it depress you, commissioner, to know just how alone you really are?
Does it make you feel responsible for Harvey Dent's current predicament?
You let Dent take your place. Even to a guy like me, that's cold.
What would I do without you? Go back to ripping off Mob dealers?
They need you right now, but when they don't, they'll cast you out like a leper.
Dropped at the first sign of trouble.
When the chips are down, these civilized people will eat each other.
The ability to speak two languages puts you ahead of the curve in the job market.
The only sensible way to live in this world is without rules.
Look at you go. Does Harvey know about you and his little bunny?
Journalists who criticize public officials can expect harassment, threats, attacks and forced disappearances.
I'd take anything Mary says with a grain of salt.
They were seen as being irresponsible, as willing to endanger the country's present and future because of rigid ideology.
In business, the pragmatic approach to problems is often more successful than an idealistic one.
Look man, you're in some deep water.
She is always churning out new movies.
You're out of your mind. Back off.
They told me that only one of us was gonna make it.
Just talk me... talk me through what's going on with you.
All available units, converge at two-fifty, Fifty Second Street.
He wanted to savor his time with her.
Would you like to know which of them were cowards?
He's got some kind of a contusion.
Take it easy - don't get mad.
Harvey, just in case, I wanna tell you something, okay?
But now I'm sure the day won't come when you no longer need Batman.
If you lose your faith in me, please keep your faith in people.
Very well, then. I'll accept your plan.
I was meant to inspire good, not madness, not death.
Didn't you think there might be some casualties?
They're gonna have to make do with you.
Yadlin says turmoil in Syria, Egypt, Libya and other parts of the region has overshadowed the peace process.
Did it take you long to find your feet when you started your new job?
He's a credible source, an M and A lawyer from a prestigious consultancy.
He's taking matters into his own hands.
The doctor says you're in agonizing pain, but you won't accept medication.
I don't trust her - I suspect she's a bit two-faced.
Why should I hide who I am?
Why would you listen to me now?
Sometimes I feel like I should leave the city and just live off the grid.
Matt does not agree with my answer.
He agreed to my demands.
First reports of the air crash tell of more than 50 casualties.
If your company is short on cash, you can ask for a loan.
We were strangers at first, but we bonded with each other quickly.
The moral of the movie was that crime does not pay.
He says the international refugee situation is dire.
I just wanna hold down a job, make some friends.
I need some dependable to take care of the children while I'm at work.
I made it by the skin of my teeth. Just as I sat down, the movie started.
The party leader has actually declared her support for unilateral nuclear disarmament.
Did you have a blast at Malik's birthday party last night?
The president's credibility has suffered serious damage, says analyst Stu Rothenberg.
Well, old habits die hard.
Did you buy your mam that tacky dress she wanted?
I want auxiliary units to cover all possible getaway routes.
The band ground out the same tunes it had been playing for 20 years.
Wheel everybody out of that place right now.
Is it too small? Take it back and get a refund.
He took down my address and phone number and said he'd call back.
The helicopter's five passengers drowned when it touched down in the river.
The plane took off at 8:30 a.m.
Hey, Jim. Get a load of this.
Remittances are a lifeline to many countries that are facing some sort of a crisis.
You nailed it, honey. Best summer vacation ever!
Yesterday, I called in sick to work. And then I ran into my boss at the park.
I thought of an excuse on the fly. I told her that my cat had graduated from cat school and I had to go support him.
The United Nations is sending humanitarian aid to the areas worst affected by conflict.
The last time she ran for office, I bent over backwards for her - raised money, wrote speeches - and she didn't even thank me!
No immediate family member admitted to a Gotham hospital.
Okay, so what now? What do we do now? Where are we going?
I don't want there to be any hard feelings between us.
The company director was abducted from his car by terrorists.
I didn't rig those charges.
I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are.
I took your little plan and I turned it on itself.
Now we're talking.
Is the surveillance relevant to a terrorist investigation?
Tell me what I missed. I'm all ears!
The government is reported to be concerned about the insurgency in the south.
Well, she moved in only a week ago. So the jury is still out.
I don't want everyone to know, so if you could keep it to yourself I'd appreciate it.
I've gotta get you off the bench and into the game.
Come nightfall, this city is mine.
We are in for trouble.
I try to always keep my eyes open for good recipes.
Are you telling me that you're gonna protect the other traitor in Gordon's unit?
You took my sonar concept and applied it to every phone in the city.
The database is null-key encrypted.
If he talks within range of any phone in the city you can triangulate his position.
They say it is only a temporary delay does not fix the underlaying problem of growing a fiscal deficit.
I'm going to have to play it by ear.
Measurements taken on the ground and from space show a dramatic loss of ice in the past 5 years.
You should give him a taste of his own medicine.
My officers are going over ever inch of the tunnels and bridges.
Land routes are backed up for hours.
Whatever Joker's planning it's good bet Harvey's prisoners might be involved.
You ever imagine what it would be like to listen to her die?
Look, take it up with the Joker.
I said it couldn't hurt your chances.
You wanna ride across with them? Be my guest.
Here we are, home sweet home.
There would be 6 months of negotiations on more extensive limits on nuclear program, and potentially an end to the devastating sanctions.
The UN Security Council wants agreed limits and strict verification.
There is a great mom-and-pop restaurants.
Looks like some kind of detonator.
If anyone attempts to get off their boat, you all die.
Let's put it to a vote.
What are you supposed to wear to the party?
Leave as soon as the patrol car pulls out.
He who fights and runs away will live to fight another day.
In the US Congress, politicians with partisan views have been unable to agree on important issues.
Nice work, but please, don't give up your day job.
What's simple is that every second we don't take him, those people on the ferries get closer to blowing each other up.
If anyone's got pens, pass it along.
Two minutes, then we breach.
They're waiting to ambush the SWAT team coming up the elevator.
The tally is 140 against, 396 for.
We got him. He's out of the game.
Please be advised that this is the last day your employment.
The terrorists have seized 20 hostages and are threatening to kill one a day unless their demand are met.
"Halt!" called the guard. "You can't go any further without a permit."
It doesn't make any sense for us to have to die too.
We really should stop this fighting, otherwise we'll miss the fireworks.
US officials could tighten sanctions again, if those reforms do not continue.
"You and your sister are both into singing!" - "I think it's in our blood."
Most politicians genuinely believe they are incorruptible.
You won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self-righteousness.
I think you and I are destined to do this forever.
You didn't think I'd risk losing the battle for Gotham's soul.
You need an ace in the hole.
Depending on celebrity, paparazzi can earn a few dollars, or occasionally thousands, for a photo.
Now, you are really grasping at straws.
You could have saved her, if you stood up against corruption instead of doing your deal with the devil.
You wouldn't dare try to justify yourself if you knew what I'd lost.
Then you can look me in the eye and tell me you're sorry.
You thought we could be decent men in an indecent time.
Whatever chance you gave us at fixing our city dies with Harvey's reputation.
We bet it all on him. The Joker took the best of us and tore him down.
His appearance in the show was nothing less than a sensation.
A Chinese diplomat repeatedly interrupted a speech by a prominent Chinese dissident.
Things have come full circle now that long skirts are back in the fashion.
If people have skin in the game, preventable costs fall.
The project is a way for people in the two minority communities to meet and to avoid stereotypes.
I really dropped the ball. I forgot my great-aunt was coming to town.
Artists and critics accused him of censorship.
I will definitely find a way to go by hook or by crook.
Take the knife away from the child.
Mary takes after her mother in looks, but in personality she takes after her father.
Can you look at my car? There's a strange noise coming from the front wheel.
American consumers are becoming informed about the safety products.
I ate lunch there yesterday, and had a hamburger that really hit the spot!
I'm sad about the fact that federal workers had to be furloughed.
Jonathan weaseled out of going on the work trip by lying to his boss.
With regard to China, we're made very clear the importance of exchange rates being based on market-determined forces.
I did let it slide the first 10 times. But they are doing it every day!
It is a wide open race with 28 candidates running for president.
You two are cut from the same cloth.
Turkey says people close to the Saudi leadership are culpable for his death.
I wish I could, but I need to buckle down and practice for my show this weekend.
Democrats repeatedly questioned Brennan about the US government's use of armed, unmanned aircraft known as drones.
I've never been good in matters of the heart.
Wow! That is quite the domino effect.
We are capable of tackling this issue, a looming and terrible issue that has to be resolved in a bipartisan basis.
There's no time for fun! It's crunch time! The final report is due tomorrow morning.
The project has been postponed for an indefinite period.
There would be a significant risk of a very deep recession.
I have always been a night owl, Jonathan. So I've been staying up late to get throw the show.
And while mortgage rates have risen, homebuyers can take heart, they're still historically low.
Well, if you want to stay right as rain, you might want to try eating some vegetables something...
It took the intervention of the Supreme Court for a winner in the election to be declared.
How much did Dave shell out for that?
The anonymous opinion was written by a senior official in Trump's government.
No, it was totally the luck of the draw. I was eating in a restaurant where they were filming.
Well, it takes two to tango, Anna. I guess they're both wrong.
It boggles the mind.
France and Germany have signed a bilateral agreement to help prevent drug smuggling.
Mary will keep an eye on the kids this afternoon.
She can't go out to work because she has to stay at home to care for her elderly mother.
She's never cared very much about her appearance.
I eat loses for breakfast.
Don't get mad at him. He doesn't know right from wrong.
The aim of the association is to perpetuate the skills of traditional furniture design.
These doom and gloom prophecies are doing little to help the economy.
You got that right.
If this gets more exciting, they're gonna have to tow me outta the booth.
Madison is the Eastern Region champion and last year's state runner up.
Two children were trapped in the wreckage.
Normally I said a short-time gain, long-time loss, but it's sure is working for him.
Down the stretch they come! Finish!
The most spectacular, amazing unequivocally, unbelievable ending in the history!
Three people were also accused of engaging in espionage against a rival film.
I'll be there in the blink of an eye.
The charges on the indictment include murder and attempted murder.
It sounds like he boxed himself in a corner.
I wanted to give folks a little sizzle.
Be a bit more confident in yourself!
Ahh! That's it. Come on guys.
How will I ever find anyone else who knows how to fill me up with gas?
His humor gives him the ability to deliver a zinger.
You got more talent in one lug than a lot of cars has got in their whole body.
If you figure that out, you just gonna be, okay?
First one to California gets Dinoco all to himself.
He was so rusty he didn't even cast a shadow.
You could see his dirty undercarriage.
They did give you your big break. Besides, it's in your contract.
"Winter is a grand old time." - "Of this there are no ifs and buts."
175,000 jobs created is an encouraging sign of improvement in our labor market.
Dinner with the boss is like a canary in a coal mine.
It was a wicked thing to do.
Well, you know, race cars don't need headlights, because the track is always lit.
We're looking forward to another great year. Just like this year!
"So you're going to bring Key, are you?" - "Not on your life!"
The rebel leaders stated that they are willing to enter into dialogue with the government.
We got our wires crossed. I'll make other arrangement.
Several municipalities declared bankruptcy before Detroit did, but their debt were smaller.
You're right. If word gets out, people need to forfeit privacy for public safety.
Look, it boils down to this; do you really want to move all the way across the country for a job, or not?
It almost hurts to take ten percent of your willings and merchandising and ancillary rights in perpetuity anyway.
Just stopping off for a quick breather, kid.
The Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m tomorrow.
Ant-Man and the Wasp teaming up.
You are putting all your eggs in one basket. Don't you think you should apply to more than one.
One of the things that the presidential library's opening demonstrates in many ways is an end to the administration.
I have to go home and deal with this food coma.
Gesundheit! One should never drive while drowsy.
We followed the serpentine course of the river.
You're in a heap of trouble.
President Obama put forward his defense of the secret surveillance programs.
The professor gave the class two more weeks to finish. So now, I have a little breathing room.
Well, quit yer yapping and tow this delinquent road to traffic court.
How long is this gonna take? I gotta get to California, pronto.
Rains has got in and rotted the woodwork.
I wanna know who's responsible for wrecking my town, Sheriff. I wanna hood on a platter!
The presiding officer immediately called a recess.
Washington's 51-year trade embargo makes it illegal for US citizens to visit Cuba just for tourism.
She is such a pack rat!
I don't have long to talk so I cut to the chase and asked whether he was still married.
She hitched her skirt up before wading across the stream.
I should be in California schmoozing Dinoco right now!
We siphoned your gas while you were passed out.
The fruit has become a popular superfood in the United States and Europe.
I'm not one to jump on the bandwagon, especially if it has to do with yoga.
US officials and business are increasingly disturbed by growing evidence that China is behind a series of cyberattacks.
She's not like the teachers that we had back in the day. This woman is a brick wall.
The instructor and I didn't see eye to eye.
They were having an arrangement and somehow I got caught up in it.
She gave the jacket back to her sister.
There is a storm coming. We need to turn back.
After you use the key, please put it back.
Did you bring me back anything from the store?
We have to work hard to win back their support.
The future of the US-Korea alliance remains largely unwritten.
"That is a lot of bad stuff happening." - "When it rains, it pours."
She's always bragging about how much money she earns.
I shouldn't have to put up with this! I'm a precision instrument of speed and aerodynamics.
Is that what I think it is?
Just remember what we rehearsed.
I just don't see any on-ramp anywhere.
We're in the middle of nowhere.
Manchester is known as the gateway to the north.
The English are legendary for their incompetence with languages.
The world is now producing large food surpluses.
I added a little more coffee to top off the mug.
You know , get a head start. Gives me an edge.
Yeah! Hey, McQueen... Eat your heart out.
I'm off to a poor start.
You drive like you fix road. Lousy!
I need to take back the sweater. It's too big for me.
Mike took back his criticism of Jeremy.
The military is threatening to take over the country.
John's last day at the office was Friday. So, Sarah took over the project.
Our flight took off on time.
The restaurant took off after it was featured on the morning show.
My family took me out for dinner for my birthday.
Don't forget to take out the garbage and recycling.
Yeah, but it keeps you on your toe. You have to be prepared for each and every class.
The heat and chemicals used in the process are hazardous, but workers says the pay is worth it.
There's new food on the buffet.
No way, I have bigger fish to fry.
That looks fun! Mater, I got dibs, next turn!
Oh, great. What do you want? You hear to gloat?
Oh, Jonathan, have a heart! Puppies are so sweet and adorable.
Just as I approached the town, my legs finally gave out.
I gave most of my books away when I left college.
I have to put on a bit of make-up in the winter.
It takes her ages to make herself up!
You've refurbished the kitchen.
Our team is on a roll. They have won most of their games this season.
Sounds like you guys found a happy medium.
It's creeping me out. You're gonna wreck on something.
Yeah, he got a kick out of that, didn't he?
You must be one tough cookie.
Jake should be careful. He's on a very slippery slope.
Business owners say these draconian policies have caused them to close their businesses.
I get so many freebies from the bands I wrote about.
I just lost my dad. My father passed away.
Slow down, Anna! Your mind's going a mile a minute!
I just need my daily gas ration from the Sheriff.
How does a Porshe wind up in a place like that?
Cars didn't drive on it to make a great time. They drove on it to have a great time.
How great would it have been to see this place in its heyday!
My teacher David says I have two left feet.
You could have sugarcoated that news a little.
They quarreled but later made up with each other.
They fell out with each other over money.
At this school, we will not put up with bad behavior.
I made up an excuse about having to look after the kids.
Authorities say drug criminals infiltrated the police force in order to control them.
Jonathan, it sounds like you got off on the wrong foot.
The holiday is a golden opportunity for me to catch up on my favorite television show.
No, it totally slipped my mind!
It's really just a dog-eat-dog world.
We look out for each other.
Wow, you are really sinking your teeth into learning Russian.
When I finally got put together, I went back expecting a big welcome.
You name me one time. And I will take it all back.
I don't want them depending on someone they can't count on.
We've got rid of the old computer system, and good riddance is what I say.
It's a conspiracy. The oil companies got a grip on the government.
Are the tires you wearing are turning balding?
I'm sorry I lost you. I'll make it up to you.
Who are they gonna woo?
You're a superstar. You don't belong there, anyway.
You've sure been an inspiration to me.
He lost so much momentum, and now he's gonna have to chase him back down!
This grumpy old car once told me something. It's just an empty cup.
Bring on the confetti! Ow!! Ow!! Easy with confetti.
The women did not have much business experience, so they turned to a business incubator for help in selling the product.
You're incredible and I want you to own it.
It is time to switch gears.
Get your kicks on Route 66.
Would you get hip to this kindly tip?
We're banished! Stuck out here in this wasteland without chains!
I don't like to blow my own horn, but I did pretty great!
I didn't have the energy to break the ice with a bunch of new people.
Jonathan says the ball is in her court. He took action. Now it's her turn.
You sure do go the extra mile every Halloween. That must have taken time to make!
All Kayan women were once expected to wear them, but now, some have started to shun the practice.
Awesome! That is music to my ears!
That is right up my alley.
When I hit a wall, I just take a break.
He totally went off the deep end, yelling and throwing food.
I sometimes fall out with my sister over trivial things.
She tried to make up for lost time by working extra hard.
We're still trying to make out what really happened.
She's a strange person - I can't make her out at all.
The vanilla thieves cut off the vanilla plants and the pods. So, I've become more vigilant.
That sounds like a major red flag. I hope you didn't give hime any money.
I guess we all hit our strides at different times in life.
I have a friend there who knows all the ins and outs of the city.
Wow, you have a lot on your place.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
I get up when the alarm goes off.
Stop talking and get on with your work.
The thieves ran away when the alarm went off.
She's disappointed about their decision, but she'll get over it eventually.
He had a bad cold, and he still hasn't gotten over it completely.
I must get down to reviewing my English lesson.
It's good to get out of your comfort zone sometimes!
She turned the tables on him. Now, she's his boss.
Many people have spread rumors online that president had been replaced with a look-alike.
He's all bent out of shape because I didn't invite him.
I'll tell him to let the dust settle before calling her.
You really missed the boat by not applying!
They said that. But after they find out how much the party is going to cost, they will be singing a different tune.
People who smoke turn me off.
The first time I saw Celine Dion on the stage, I turned into a fan.
I always turn my jeans inside out to wash them.
He's loud and talks only about himself. He sucks the air out a room.
Many migrants were traveling to seek asylum in the United States. Some in the caravan walked more than 4,000 kilometers.
Well, No pain, no gain! It will be all worth it when you cross that finish line.
Well, "where there's smoke, there's fire." If it seems like he likes someone else, then maybe he does.
I took a cat nap. As long as the movie isn't boring, I'll be fine.
No... I don't think so. I would feel like a fish out of water.
It was like falling down the rabbit hole. Nothing was normal.
She really put me on the spot. I actually think she could be doing a lot better.
The reporter was cool as a cucumber despite the confusion all around her.
Sine retiring from company, she has done voluntary work for a charity.
Alice turned around and walked down the corridor.
Sorry, I couldn't answer your phone. I was busy doing the dishes.
I've never driven a car before - I'm a complete novice.
I'm determined to get the piece of work finished today.
He warned that efforts to impede relief could cause massive starvation and disease.
I'd see that movie at the drop a hat.
She weaseled out of helping you again, didn't she?
I was trying to listen from the other room. I really wish I could've been a fly on the wall for that conversation.
She's just got way too much baggage. All she does is complain about problems in her past.
That's the last straw. I'm just staying home and watching TV tonight.
That guy really likes to push the envelope. I could not get away with wearing that to work.
How can you be so in the dark with this one?
If your business is always breaking even, you may want to rethink your business model.
It's just not fair. With him, it is always a moving target.
You had better keep your eye on the ball if you want to win that scholarship.
It's been on my bucket list for years.
This is the last world measurement standard to be replaced by innovation.
It was so incredible that I couldn't say anything! I was like a deer caught in headlights.
He might arrive on time, but I wouldn't bank on it.
Oh, You're right. That ship has sailed.
He's a wolf in sheep's clothing - seems nice on the outside but really isn't.
The domestication of the modern house cat can be traced back to more than 10,000 years ago.
These stores of food attracted hordes of rodents, as well as their predator.
The abundance of prey in rodent-infested granaries drew in these typically solitary animals.
Vermin were a major scourge of seven seas. They ate provisions and gnawed at lines of rope.
Revered for their ability, domestic cats became important to Egyptian religious culture.
Apart from making them more social and docile, we've done little to alter their natural behaviors.
It seems like biking is the best of both worlds. It's fun and, in a city like DC, the fastest way to get around.
I was roped into playing softball last night.
Anna got roped into watching a friend's cat.
In October, Sayoc sent suspicious boxes from his home in Florida to Democratic party members.
Some things are really working well! Why throw the baby out with the bathwater?
I had a terrible stiff neck the day after training.
I guess it's time to dig up potatoes.
Ask the waitress to wipe off the table.
In the US, winter wheat is harvested in the early summer.
I didn't plan to! He forced my hand! He refused to work on the project.
Have you been living under a rock? Yeah, they won the World Series!
That way, you have some wiggle room. You can always change your mind later.
Maybe, she's working on a secret project and that's why she's flying under the radar.
He says the congested living space is a reason for the spread.
Sorry, I've been so busy that reading your script kind of fell through the cracks.
I am head over heels in love right now!
Jake does love being in the spotlight.
It's time you faced the music and told her.
The house had a magnificent outlook over the city.
That run-down house needs to be renovated.
He keeps his apartment neat and clean.
Her first apartment was pretty shabby.
The restaurant is closed for renovations.
I guess I should branch out a little more and try different food.
He was deported to Mexico after an arrest for illegal driving.
Rita was cooking the books? Wow, that does not seem like her.
Our current customers are low-hanging fruit. They already love our products!
I'm way in over my head.
Don't hold your breath waiting for him. He said he'd help me move and then never showed.
The cafe is a modern vision of collaboration.
Why she burn a bridge to someone who could help her later? That's just stupid.
Oh, I don't know. It's a toss-up, really. Orland has a great offense, but Baltimore has a great defense.
Living off credit is a bad idea. She needs a wake-up call.
He lives in the United States and is famous all over the world for his talent.
"We are expecting breaking news from the mayor's office." - "Oh. So, this is the calm before the storm."
You should be careful, Jonathan. All that free stuff could just be window dressing.
They said last year's presidential election in which Nicholas Masuro won was a sham.
It's risky to cry wolf like that... again and again...
"I am a reporter... and a baker." - "Wow, you really are a jack-of-all-trades!"
I had butterflies in my stomach the whole time.
She hasn't decided on anything yet. All her college plans are up in the air.
Our city is counting on you to collect those children's scream.
There has been tenacious local opposition to the new airport.
Temperature's a balmy 65 degrees.
The twins sleep in bunk beds.
I was so delighted to see the result of my TOEIC exam.
Talking about our old family holidays has made me feel quite nostalgic.
Some people handed out leaflets among the university students.
Sorry, I can't help you, I'm swamped with work at the moment.
Jonathan, get a grip! You will not be fired! Just calm down and explain what happened to your boss.
I could use the exercise!? Look at you. You have your own climate.
All the drinks were on the house.
Thanks for hooking me up with those reservations.
That should make it even more humiliating when we break the record first.
He write, it did not find enough evidence to charge president Trump with obstruction of justice.
Jonathan tells Anna not to worry about forgetting his birthday, because its water under the bridge.
You know, maybe I should realign the cream intake valve.
We may actually make our quota today, sir.
Keep it together, man!
I did learn from the best.
"I wish the city would finally ban smoking indoors." - "We're definitely on the same page there!"
Keep the doors coming, Chalie. I'm on a roll today.
My car is out of commission again.
Give me a break, Mike.
With the new players this year, I feel the sky's the limit for this team.
Nobody is willing to talk about the elephant in the room.
I was just thinking about the first time I laid eye on you - how pretty you looked.
What a coincidence, running into you here!
If witnesses are to be believed there has been a child security breach for the first time in monster history.
Those were alphabetized.
She's been teaching the dog to fetch.
In China, her blonde hair was conspicuous.
We've got eight or nine years of flatlining growth.
The report says gains were made in the late 20th century but for now, democracy is in retreat.
The whole play really knocked my socks off.
Sulley, a mop, a couple of lights and some chair fabric are not going to fool anymore!
We can bring your cousin's sister's daughter along.
She is a one-trick pony. She works with still images but not video.
First, I took a 12-hour bus ride. Then, I took a train the rest of the way. It was a major pain in the neck.
You didn't turn in your paperwork last night.
I need a favor. Randall was working late last night out on the scare floor. I really need the key to the door he was using.
I'm after a tie to go with this shirt.
I was up all night trying to find it.
I did a simple calculation factoring in the size of the sushi restaurant.
Until we know for sure, we're going to act like nothing happened.
I'm going to be on pins and needles until I get that phone call.
We're just two regular joes on your way to work. We will blend right in.
Take care of yourself. Try not to run through any more closets.
She ushered us into her office and offered us coffee.
She's out of our hair.
Word on the street is the kind's been traced back to this factory.
You're not pinning this on me. It never would have gotten out if you hadn't been cheating last night!
It's all right, don't say any more - I get the picture.
If you talk to me like that again, we're through!
This movie has had me on the edge of my seat the entire time.
He's an affectionate little bay.
You want me to prove everything's on the up and up?
I think it will be a real nail-biter! It's probably going to come down to the final minutes.
I heard you girls won the contest. Way to go!
Workers say it will take months to rehabilitate the chicks.
Uh oh, why are you clamming up?
When it came time for a promotion, Eric got the job instead of Catherine? Man, that is a bitter pill to swallow.
You do know that the lion's share of the money will go to charity, right?
You're going to be the fifth wheel.
I'm not allowed to fraternize with victims of his evil plot.
You're trying to scare the kid, not lull it to sleep!
I was going for a snake/ninja approach with a little hissing.
This company can't afford any more bad publicity.
I am getting tired of the way my apartment looks. I think I need to jazz it up, a bit.
The weather's been abominable all week.
The dust made me feel itchy all over.
None of it matters? So, now the truth comes out, doesn't it?
If you want to go out there and freeze to death, you be my guest... because you're on your own.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Cedar Lane Church accepted Lopez's request for sanctuary.
Nobody wants to think of themselves as over the hill.
My mum checks up on me most evenings to see that I've done my homework.
He tries to get her back home.
That game of tennis really finished me off.
Don't mince your words. I can take it.
I just got a message out of the blue on Facebook from my ex-boyfriend.
I visited her this morning and doctors say she is out of the woods.
In February, Bazos accused the owner of the National Enquirer tabloid newspaper of blackmail.
Stop fishing for compliments, because you know your hair always looks fantastic!
That name rings a bell. Was she at your last party, too?
I was at a loss for words.
The driver yelled at them because they were playing on the street.
Sitting for long periods is bad because the human body was not designed to be idle.
The driver in the car behind me blew his horn.
It would be insane not to take advantage of this opportunity.
Chuck me the keys.
All right, I got a move here, it'll bring down the house.
Second place is nothing to sneeze at!
This has gone far enough, James.
I'll kidnap a thousand children before I let this company die, and I'll silence anyone who gets in my way.
Without your help, I never would have known that this went all the way up to Waternoose.
Well, you don't want to miss too much work. You could be skating on thin ice with your boss.
That's probably just the tip of the iceberg. I bet there are more teachers, and maybe even administrators involved.
I heard it straight from the horse's mouth.
Now the Greek authorities are removing the ships, some of which have been abandoned for many years.
My old bed totally bit the dust, but the new mattress is great. I slept like a rock last night.
I'm so excited to just hang out and shoot the braze.
He's a diamond in the rough.
That's not bending the rules. That's straight up breaking the rules.
I have decided to put my search on hold. I decided I had better finish getting my Master's degree at the university before I start looking for a new job.
I will put together some notes, but I think it will be mostly off the cuff.
He doesn't have a leg to stand on! He's going to have to pay to fix your car.
Altiir is a clothing company that makes jackets with the material, giving them a unique look and feel.
Are you out of your mind?
Wow! That sounds great! But Jonathan, what's the catch?
It's so easy to read her emotions. She's an open book.
You need to nip that in the bud.
He was just so down to earth and seemed like a regular guy.
I'm not trying to be a drama queen, but I don't understand what could be taking so long.
We are just a group of people who go to streets, rescue injured stray dogs, and cure them.
Oh no. I think I just spilled the beans. Forget I said anything.
I'll keep my eyes peeled and let you know if I see anything good for you.
The passengers were so irritated with the noisy children.
I hate to be shouted at.
It's hard work teaching a class of lively children.
On Sundays all the men gather in the square to exchange local gossip.
The teacher told me off for swearing.
My boss did not like my video project. She told me to redo it. So now I have to go back to square one.
Kim told the Associated Press she looks forward to a new challenge.
She knows the ropes, and she would be happy to show you around.
Ashley is driving. So, her dog Dublin will be riding shotgun.
Her daughter soon showed her own musical talent, proving that the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
My phone was just a year old when it bit the dust.
British authorities have received a request to extradite Assange to the United States.
That shot at the end of the game was a real last-ditch effort to try and win.
Sorry, I can't help you. I'm swamped with work at the moment.
He looked a bit offended when you yelled at him.
You look completely drained - why don't you go to bed?
Try to maintain a balance between your spending and your earnings.
Anna, stop beating around the bush. And tell me what it is.
She has such a poker face! She never show her emotion.
I had such a bad day. I just needed to blow off some steam.
She's up the creak without a paddle, when it comes to getting that new car.
That's a lot of junk food. I thought you're on a health diet!
We built momentum in our quest to grow our business.
At this point, we are flying by the seat of our pants! We don't have a plan worked out yet.
Isn't that your favorite band? Wow, you must have been starstruck!
I agree with your proposal, but because of lack of budget, I can't agree to it.
A group of former students were reminiscing about their college days.
She's come up with some amazing plan to double her income.
The ballon rose gently up into the air.
She raised her hand and asked for permission to talk.
This book really gave me food for thought! I learned so much about gambling.
He is so angry. I bet he got up the wrong side of the bed.
I have always thought he was a fair weather friend. You can't count on him.
At my office, there have been so many rumors, the boss called a meeting to clear the air.
You got here just in the nick of time.
I don't believe you. I'm calling your bluff!
He's "barking up the wrong tree". Only the manager can give him a raise!
Government forces moved against opposition protesters, calling Guaido's efforts a small uprising and criticizing him for launching a revolt.
I hate taking my dad. He is a backseat driver.
Woody, we have a situation.
This game was supposed to end at 4 p.m.
You're supposed to follow the instruction book.
The children were supposed to put away their toys.
Sounds like she's trying to whitewash the problem.
You're a great writer. But sometimes you're a little too much.
She sure is the "apple of his eye"!
The airport isn't very far, "as the crow files", but you can't get there directly.
Sara got so burned out spending so much time volunteering at the hospital.
It is filled with coral, fish and many other species, creating a colorful biodiversity.
The choice is yours, it's entirely up to you.
I'm not sure. Can you explain it again? I think I missed the point.
We're always there for each other.
I was astonished to see my car had been stolen.
Sam was eager to get home and play with his new toy.
She can hardly wait to rent the car and drive around the city.
I'm really looking forward to seeing the result of my exam.
I like to go with the flow. Whatever you decide is cool with me.
The exam was a piece of cake.
"It really irritates me when a person's cell phone goes off during a movie!" - "Yeah, it really gets on my nerves."
I'm starting. Let's grab a bite.
In the beginning, Del was sad but then decided to embrace it.
A gentleman stands out from the crowd.
He is always a day late and a dollar short to every thing.
Intruders had entered the house through a back window.
The damage of the lung leads to oxygen deprivation.
In these latent infection, the TB bacterium may be dormant.
Her allergy was exacerbated by the dust.
Today, the disease is still prevalent in 30 countries.
Microbes can spread to the brain, causing headaches and even impaired consciousness.
The stigma towards TB can discourage people from getting the help they need.
We'll finally be able to make TB exclusively a thing of the past.
I know it's a long shot. But the top prize is $35 million.
They are dressed to kill.
The teacher quickly wrapped up her lecture toward the end of class.
To put in a nutshell, the party was a disaster.
I must get down to reviewing my English lesson.
All things considered, I'm sure we made the right decision.
I think their music is really boring and everybody doesn't like them. But that's just my two cents.
The camps in low-lying areas are susceptible to flooding.
"My parents never let me go to the party!" - "That's messed up. I feel sorry."
You are really going for broke!
I have to burn the midnight oil. I need to do well on this exam.
Well, we'll just wait and see. Actions speak louder than words.
You'll have a better day tomorrow. Just keep your chin up.
Those gorilla gals are always acting cheeky.
I don't think there's a wrong side of 60.
He started to lay it on thick about how great he was to our team captain Marco.
Organizers called it the first independent march to have authorization in the one-party state.
And just be cool, Dora.
The judge sentenced the man to 10 years in a state correctional facility.
The most recent country to end capital punishment was Burkina Faso in June 2018.
Don't tiptoe around the answer. You won't hurt my feelings.
I know, the whole thing left a really bad taste in my mouth.
I know you don't like being called unreliable, but if the shoes fit, wear it.
She continued to insist she wasn't a witch through 62 rounds of torture before her accusers finally released her.
After giving a false confession, she was burned at stake in front of her family.
These witch hunts were not a unified initiative by a single authority, but rather a phenomenon that occurred sporadically.
The company is being investigated for allegedly falsifying sales records.
The text argued for the existence of witches and suggested ruthless tactics for hunting and prosecuting them.
Many of the accused were people on the fringe of society.
Under torture, thousands of innocent people confessed to witchcraft and implicated others in turn.
Punishment for convicted witches managed from small fines to burning at stake.
It seems likely that many weren't consciously looking for scapegoats - instead, they sincerely believed in witchcraft, and thought they were doing good by rooting it out in their communities.
There were dissenters all along.
Both the onset and demise of those atrocities came gradually, out of seemingly ordinary circumstances.
It was during the 1980s that home video game consoles finally gained traction.
One such threat is the growth of invasive plants.
So whaat's the game plan?
While his peers debated symptoms and their origins, he obsessively studied anatomy.
He was convicted that each organ had a specific function.
Since the Roman government largely prohibited working with human cadavers, he conducted countless dissections of animals instead.
Even with this constrain, his exhaustive investigations yield some remarkably accurate conclusion.
This experiment allowed him to deduce that respiration was controlled by muscle and nerves.
The illness deplete the body of important vitamins.
The misguided hypothesis attributed most medical problems to an imbalance in body fluids.
He was a strong proponent of these treatments, despite their sometimes lethal consequence.
The entire project was meticulously planned.
His prolific collection dominated all other schools of medical thought.
They wrote new essays extolling his ideas.
Even doctors who actually dissected human cadavers would bafflingly repeat his mistakes, despite seeing clear evidence to the contrary.
Meanwhile, the few practitioners bold enough to offer conflicting options were either ignored or ridiculed.
Leave him. He's a lost cause. He's gone forever.
In your dreams! There's no way you caught a fish that big.
I better get there on the double before everyone eats all the birthday cake.
It was great to see you at the class reunion. Now make sure to stay in touch.
He was an amateur singer until the age of 40, when turned professional.
I tend to watch the television for pleasure rather than edification.
Today, science is an increasingly specialized and compartmentalized subject.
Far from being crackpots, amateur scientists are often in close touch with professionals.
Palaeontology is the study of fossils and the evolution of life on Earth.
Mr.Bonney has coined the term "citizen scientists".
He felt that other-words, such as "volunteer" sounded disparaging.
Some amateur astronomers grumble about not being reimbursed.
There are legitimate concerns but none seems insurmountable.
The campaign hasn't received any political endorsements.
The town hall is the only edifice surviving from the 15th century.
Street food are ready-to-eat foods prepared and sold by vendors and hawkers.
Many illness in these temporary refugee camps are the result of inadequate sanitation.
As theater employees, we get complimentary tickets.
The job is open to applicants with over two years' experience retail.
The voucher is valid between July and December and entitles you to ten percent off overseas flights.
People may purchase street food to experience ethnic cuisine.
Some of these older houses still don't have running water.
I didn't realize that she hadn't been to college - I suppose I just took it for granted.
As the number of female members stood at 1000 in 1970, the number of male participants doubled.
While the number of female participants rose dramatically to 10,000 in 2000, that of male plummeted to 1000.
In her study, books were arranged erratically on chairs, tables and shelves.
In 1975, female members doubled and these continued to rise over the years with some fluctuations.
The teacher was careful not to show favoritism to any one student.
Summer in Australia is extremely hot.
Teaching handicapped people is a very rewarding job.
The sprinter finished the race really quickly.
I am pretty tall.
Some of my classes are somewhat boring.
While print retains much of its authority as a source of information, television has increasingly usurped this role.
The ability to write fluent letters has been undermined by the telephone.
Most students live out in their second year.
There is even anecdotal evidence that children are mastering reading and writing in order to get on to the Internet.
Women in Britain were first enfranchised in 1918.
Reluctantly, he acquiesced in the plans.
The audience clamored for an encore.
The word literacy is a 19th century coinage to describe the divorce of reading and writing from a full knowledge of literature.
A futuristic car was on display at the auto show.
He decided to seek out some information on the history of the area.
I've completely drawn a blank.
Former students are now working as expert book restores and conventionists.
An elderly cousin had left her a small legacy.
On the spur of the moment, we decided to go to the beach.
He was late, so he fabricated an excuse to avoid troubles.
The magazine is full of subliminal messages about the company's future.
These refinements have increased the machine's accuracy by 25 percent.
We won't have discussions with this group unless they eschew violence.
This is a plain gold ring with no ornamentation.
He had a knack for conceding new shapes to solve classic engineering problems.
Normal services will be resumed in the spring.
His knowledge of the subject is unsurpassed.
Afterwards, a small number of protestors gathered to contemplate their next move.
Get out of here! I'm from Dallas, Texas, too!
When his wife left him, he found solace in the bottle.
What brings you across the pond?
That car must have cost a pretty penny!
Children in this country are getting much too fat, and sugar and sweets are the main culprits.
Mira revealed hitherto unsuspected talents on the dance floor.
"Hey, I didn't see you in our fitness class today." - "Yeah... I was playing hooky."
Students complained that the meals were monotonous.
He turn down the job because it involved too much traveling.
The salesman started making his pitch as soon as he saw us looking at the car.
He lives all the way in Minnesota, so I never get to see him. I only get to see him once in a blue moon.
The US is the most litigious society in the world.
They are accused of medical malpractice.
Housing prices have skyrocketed in recent months.
The missing child's distraught parents made an emotional appeal for information on TV.
I thought she might forsake ballet in favor of Irish dancing.
What I need is a book that will demystify the workings of a car engine for me.
He's like a breach of fresh air for the team.
Trade sanctions will only be lifted when the aggressor nation withdraws its troops.
There is no smoking allowed anywhere on school premises.
Although some people campaign for the right to euthanasia, it is still illegal in most countries.
I don't want to agitate her by telling her.
She refused to discuss the intimate details of her life.
But growing new forests isn't an easy-fix solution to the harmful consequences of deforestation.
Also, planting the wrong type of trees can have unforeseen consequences.
There were big losses in tropical areas often caused by logging or deforestations to make space for agriculture and farming.
When you have a disability, you learn to compensate by doing other things well.
Those who live near airport suffer with the constant din of airport life.
Another objectionable aspect of aircrafts and airports is the noise they emit.
Traditionally, absenteeism has been viewed as a breach of an implicit contract.
An evidence indicates that absence is generally viewed as "mildly deviant workplace behavior".
"I think it's time we call it a day." - "I agree. Let's go home."
Stop with all the details and cut to the chase. What university are you attending in the fall?
Polyurethane varnish provides a tough, scratch-resistant finish.
Alec Smith was 26 when he died because he was rationing his insulin.
Don't forget to put the milk back in the fridge.
A lot of what is under discussion in Congress today, has bipartisan support.
The government has promised to introduce legislation to limit fuel emissions from cars.
We will not tolerate profiteering on food aid that is supposed to be free.
The World Health Organization says it could be a game changer in efforts to stop the deadly virus, which must be large and immediate.
Everyone must have a purpose in life.
The refugees have asked for political asylum.
In fact, my coffee shop has become a real cash cow for me.
"Wow! You must be over the moon!" - "I am, Jonathan! I could not be happier!"
I didn't know where I was going, what I was doing. I was in limbo.
I plucked up the courage, walked into the church hall.
He changed his diet and lost 14 stone over two years.
As a schoolboy he was compelled to wear shorts even in winter.
You long for an ideal workplace which will take care of your problems.
A progressive prospect in terms of money or designation reassures them of their hard work.
Encouraging and optimistic colleagues can be a balm to the woes of office.
They help you pep up and remain focused to your job.
An accommodating and patient boss is a prerequisite for an ideal work sphere.
"Well it must be so hard to exercise for so long." - "Yeah. But I want to look good. And you know - no pain, no gain."
We enlisted some people to help prepare the food.
The prime minister has a reputation for powerful oratory.
I was swayed by her rhetoric into donating all my savings to the charity.
Society has changed profoundly over the last 50 years.
Muslims try to make a pilgrimage to Mecca at least once in their life.
We are facing an intractable problem.
Wow! That was really nice. Bob definitely has a heart of gold.
There is a high rate of juvenile delinquency.
"Are you okay?" - "Um, not really. I think I'm a little bit under the weather."
She ticked off a six reasons for saying no.
There is a creature so resilient that it can go without water for decades.
But some creatures like tardigrade, also known as the water bear, get around this restriction.
This has led to some erroneous speculation that tardigrades are extraterrestrial beings.
Because tardigrades are so hardy, they exit just about everywhere.
Next week we're going on an excursion.
A key to the realization of the universal network is, as the name implies, ubiquity.
I tried to gauge the weight of the box.
He has an esoteric collection of old toys and games.
My parents instilled in me a love of reading.
"The rain is coming down so hard!" - "I know, it's raining cats and dogs today."
Maths is an intrinsic part of the school curriculum.
My son has little aptitude for sport.
I found him arrogant and rude.
I try to keep abreast of any developments.
She's one of the foremost experts on child psychology.
Business must always vie with key competitors for most experienced and educated workers.
Six candidates are currently vying for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Are you in favor of the legalization of cannabis?
The City of London is the hub of the UK's financial world.
The nutrient and water is carried to the bench and to the plant via the spigot in the corner.
Pigs are pretty amenable to having their photos taken.
The boys strutted around trying to get the attention of a group of girls.
This dog saved my life. If it wasn't for him, I would be dead.
She witnessed some of the worst atrocities.
When I came back home I had terrible nightmares about things that happened to me in captivity.
People in the village taunted me and spoke badly about me.
He realized the healing potential of dogs when two of them gradually befriended him.
People think the moment you go to the mental health, you are already mentally disorientated, you cannot be helped.
The indigenous tribe has never had contact with outside humans.
It's been ages since we've talked.
They're gaining on us.
Books like this are a dime a dozen.
I pushed the wheelchair up the ramp and into the supermarket.
Right now there are only about 0.4% of hotel rooms in Japan are accessible.
I am absolutely starving but we can't find anywhere to actually go. What do you reckon?
Jane has had a lot of problems lately with her family. Let's cut her some slack.
She found out that her employees were sleeping at work.
I'm learning English with Voice of America. Their Learning English website is available 24/7!
The throbbing pain in his leg was becoming unbearable.
Her husband died in the accident but she, amazingly, escaped unscathed.
Her wages fluctuate between 150 and 200 a week.
Your computer won't arrive till Thursday. In the meantime, you can use Jim's.
Huge swathes of rainforest are being cleared for farming and mining.
Plumes of smoke can be seen from space.
The earth has already passed the tipping point in terms of global warming.
We can conserve water by using more efficient appliances.
Water recycling or reclamation can also greatly increase water efficiency.
Food stocks were replenished by imports from abroad.
His dedication to fitness was almost fanatical.
It cost an arm and a leg!
I can't afford this car, and I don't want to break the bank.
You could say I am a coffee addict.
Indeed, too much coffee can lead to insomnia and indigestion.
I was feeling tired and lethargic.
The room was filled with the foul smell of stale beer.
Prepare food in advance to ensure you don't miss out on the fun!
Pushy parents can cause children to become anxious.
Her expectations for her child is too high.
She has considerable expertise in French history.
He has a good grasp of the issue.
When it rained, people mostly hailed a carriage and lept inside.
The city of Songxia churns out half a billion of these every year.
Aerial reconnaissance showed the location of the enemy's tank.
Gabriela Aguirre says ignorance of different cultures is a problem.
Some people have trouble making a decision, so others might tell them, "make up your mind!" and pick one.
Come rain or shine, I will be at your place Saturday morning!
I don't trust him an inch.
The prime minister's policies on education were effective, albeit costly.
Semantic confusing arises when terms are vague in meaning.
Subtropical climates are common in Mediterranean countries.
The iris controls the amount of light entering the eye.
Sulfur hot springs are common in Japan's mountains region.
Most veterinary clinics are ill-equipped to treat large animals.
Fish get the oxygen they required by using their gills.
This is only the first of a series of mobilizations, and we need to carry on doing this.
We need to be getting active at the work to end the prorogation of Parliament, to end the coup.
The ruined house had a sinister appearance.
